i was interested to read how he treated a story that did not revolve around a legal case .
he did not treat it well , and i will not buy another one of his books unless it is a legal thriller like his others .
there are many other characters in the story , but the reader is never given enough information to really care about them .
the weak character definition made for a long and boring read , as i really did n't care what became of most of the characters in the story .
the descriptive nature of the story , however , was not enough to make this an interesting story .
i am not even going to talk about the plot because i really do n't see a point .
it is certainly not a book i need to own for my personal collection .
while grisham constructs decent plots , elmore leonard need n't worry about his status as dialogue writer supreme .
the spruill's are a ragged bunch , straight out of steinbeck , and the mexicans are , well , mexicans , i guess , according to grisham , they pick cotton without complaint , enjoy a lively game of baseball , and help paint a house .
luke witnesses the violence , of course , and must not talk about it for fear that all the spruill's will leave before the cotton is harvested .
i found the book as entertaining but no better than the average movie shown on cable's lifetime channel .
magical boyhood adventures , without all the cotton-picking drudgery of grisham .
you won't find any lawyers or courtrooms in john grisham's newest novel , a painted house .
no sireebob , this is a horse (or , house ) of a different color .
what we need here , folks , is something completely different to revive routine blood,something like , oh i dunno , a coming-of-age tale told by the seven-year-old son of an arkansas cotton farmer ; something without legal eagles ; something with only sporadic thrills ; something to show the world that even though grisham writes airplane-ride fiction , he secretly pines to be accepted as a serious literary author .
will he recruit readers who would n't ordinarily pick up a paperback where the words "# NUM bestseller " dominate half the front cover ?
i should mention that i've never read any of mr. grisham's other books ( not even on long airplane trips ) .
so , while i can't tell you how a painted house compares to the brethren , i'm happy to report it 's a cotton-pickin' good read on its own merits .
it will never reach solid gold classic status like harper lee's to kill a mockingbird , but it does bring to life a time , a place and a set of characters who burn bright in your mind;at least until you turn the final page and move on to the next book waiting patiently on your bedside table .
no single event defines the plot .
don't come expecting great literature on the order of that "other " oxford , mississippi scribe , william faulkner , and you won't be disappointed .
i could not put this book down .
it took NUM days to get there and i really dislike greyhound and if it were not for the cheap ticket price i would never take it anywhere .
i just could not stop reading it , the plot of all his books are the best of almost any writer out there .
i have never been able to stay in a book so long since the hardy boys , haha !
go grab one from the local newstand now ...you will not be un-satisfied !
i was n't sure what to expect with "hot six , " the first of janet evanovich's stephanie plum novels that i've read , although it is not the first book in the series .
ms. plum is around NUM years old and does n't give much of a description of her looks , but she must be among the better lookers to justify the attention she gets .
the book starts with stephanie talking an old female acquaintance down from jumping off a bridge , telling the would-be jumper that her body just won't look good in a dress when it 's found ; wearing slacks is the right way to dress for this particular form of suicide .
there is something going on that does n't smell right with this , and both stephanie and ranger work to gather information on the case .
even as he gets increasingly frustrated that there is never a quiet moment to spend with stephanie , she becomes an important conduit for information between the police and ranger .
stephanie is feeling the frustration too , but you're never quite sure if it 's morelli or ranger she lusts after .
finally , as if she did n't have enough going on , stephanie is saddled with a large omnivorous dog named bob , who becomes the; um , butt of many of the book's jokes .
stephanie is never far , in spirit , anyway , from a tumble with one of her chosen guys and she gets more eager as the possibility keeps eluding her .
i probably should have started this series of books with an earlier title but i felt that i have n't missed anything by starting in the middle .
i always used to be a loyal grisham fan , but this book changed all that for me , and i fell i have no choice but to pan this book .
it does not even attempt to be captivating in any way like his previous books , which really hook you , or even interesting in the least .
this work has non of grisham 's usual suspense and thrill which have always made his books a pleasure to read .
not exactly jurassic park here !
but we did n't need to know the level of details presented here to appreciate the dilemma the heroin was dealing with .
i , for one , did n't really care about the dilemma .
i 'm not a fan of today 's media with it 's 'sound bites ' and 'shock value equals ratings ' attitude .
i 'm also not a fan of unions with mostly short term , selfish goals .
on the negative side , it was not as suspenseful and fast-paced as , say the pelican brief or the firm or his other courtroom dramas - when i read them i could scarcely put the book down for fear that something was going to happen between the pages in my absense .
( which probably explains why it was n't all about write-an-awesome-story-to-sell excitement . )
by charity he does n't mean the local symphony or the high-up charities they give money to in order to get their name mentioned , but money given directly to the poor homeless people on the street or the soup kitchens , free clinics , homes , etc . that help them out ?
this book was n't only another good john grisham tale , but a touching story of a man who realized his life had been shallow and he wanted to make a difference .
a painted house is not so much a novel , or even so much an attempt by john grisham to write the great american novel , as it is a memory picture , a long last look at a childhood in the rural south in the NUM 's .
even with the best good will in the world , luke and his parents and grandparents would never be able to pick NUM acres of cotton by themselves .
the south has always had a class structure , enough so that one wonders if karl marx was n't really born in south carolina and was n't fooling those folks over in europe .
( we do n't meet any african-americans until later in the book ; grisham claims that blacks were rare in that part of arkansas , and i do n't have any way to know if he 's cheating . )
( in case you 're wondering , the people at the very bottom of southern class structure are yankees , and people who root for the baseball yankees are n't much higher on the list . )
even the title represents an intergenerational conflict between those who want the chandler 's house to be painted for the first time and those who do n't see the need .
luke chandler does n't have much dialogue in the novel -- in fact , most of the story involves him keeping his mouth shut -- but his descriptions of life in rural arkansas are wonderfully detailed and insightful .
she talked quietly , not necessarily to me , but to the garden in general .
my mother loved this little plot of soil because it was hers -- no one else really wanted it .
i did n't grow up picking cotton , thank goodness , but i did grow up poor and southern baptist in mansfield , texas .
we did n't live there very long , and ended up moving into a house trailer on the extreme fringes of dallas county , where my father pastored another struggling baptist church before he left the pulpit for a teaching career .
the adventures of jack ryan are followed by millions of readers , but this installment to the series - while it does n't completely disappoint - may leave the reader with a sense of wondering what they just read .
in " debt of honor , " clancy does n't deviate from this proven formula .
" debt of honor , " focuses on a rising conflict with the japanese , and it 's a problem that most likely would never happen in reality .
you wo n't be going anywhere for a long time
it is very far removed from most of jg 's work and i was not prepared for it !
farming the delta is not an easy thing and we learn through this tale that even a good harvest can be doomed !
there are no court room scenes as he never tells anyone but his grandfather what he has witnessed and grandpappy deems it " their little secret . "
oh , sure , there are plenty of trashy romances and chicken-soupy self-help guides on offer in airport bookstores , but on the whole , the selection is n't bad .
finally , a friend loaned it to me , and although i'd intended it as an in-flight read for an upcoming trip , i could n't resist starting early .
robert langdon , an expert in religious symbology lecturing in paris , does n't exactly live a life of danger ; he works the lecture circuit , writes scholarly books , and keeps his nose buried in ancient tomes .
there's also plenty of historical information , which is integrated smoothly into the prose ; remarkably , even when inserted into dialogue , the explanatory asides don't interrupt the flow .
brown ensures that readers who are unfamiliar with religious iconography and cyphers have all the necessary information to fully enjoy the story , without leaving advanced readers feeling bored or patronized .
the focus is upon the ingenious puzzles-within-puzzles that brown has devised , rather than the characters who try to solve them ; for this type of story , that 's not a problem , although it does limit the book to entertainment rather than literature .
if you have never had the fun of reading a book in this series do not start with this one .
each book has the same characters , but there are fringe characters that are in some of the books and not in others .
no, of course not .
the second is ranger( not his real name ) , who is also a bounty hunter but is a man of mystery .
this does not mean that she wo n't become very involved .
she is not your typical grandmother .
as if that is n't enough , stephanie is asked to take care of a huge dog that eats everything in sight .
this is a fast paced story that you 'll not want to put down .
since the firm , through pelican brief , the rain maker , the chamber ( highly recommend it ) , but this is simply not his best work .
i must start out by saying i have never read a john grisham novel until now ...gasp.
i 've watched the movies , but never read any of the books .
a novel without all the lawyer intrigue appealed to me , so i gave grisham a shot .
luke 's baseball diamond is not the only thing the family ends up ruining .
i do n't want to give anything away , but a dangerous man in each of these two groups start alot of trouble on the farm and in town .
the birth not only rocks the lives of the lathcher 's but the chandler 's as well .
the ending truly leaves you hanging and it 's not in a good way .
i was n't left wanting more , i just felt cheated by how it all ended .
i was made to care about a few of the characters in the novel , but was not allowed to know what happened to them .
the intrigue that involves murder , illegitament children and strange house painting is intersting , but i never felt on the edge of my seat .
my major complaint about these aspects of the novel is that there was never any real mystery involved .
i do n't like when writers hold back important information , but i felt like it did n't need to be all laid out so plainly .
i just do n't believe that a NUM year old boy in rural arkansas circa NUM could really have some of the thoughts , feelings and actions that he did .
yet the novel was still an enjoyable read and took me to a time and place i had never really thought about before .
it 's just not going to happen a medicore fantasy would be the best of his ability , but of course there would be bloody killing .
basic fact of life : i do n't like the author .
i mean , he 's not even that good , and he 's got all these terrible best selling novels , i 'll just say that he struck it rich with the " thrills and chills " crowd that likes their children to read r.l. stine .
nothing against those folks , but i just do n't see the big deal about this guy .
he's no ray bradbury .
he just can't reach into different genres .
typical moron in these types of novels , not very well developed in the time he is in the book , which is not really that much , but still ...he's your typical king with a death wish .
unfortunatly , he has no guts to hate , so i guess it was a bad choice of words ) .
naturally , he's the good looking good guy that you know will always win at the end , but you just don't know how .
( okay , maybe not crack , but the same kind of stuff .
i don't know , but it 's probably illegal in all forty nine states .
need i say more , because i don't really want to .
unless you would rather me spoil the ending ?
a fat little king named king roland was not a bad , dictator king , but a good hearted king .
a good heart , we soon learn , does not help you much in life when you are trying to be the oh-so powerful king of this little land .
i do not like this plot .
i have nothing against king , i just think he should n't be selling these vulnerable pieces of cr@p that won't matter in three months , while these great writers never get their fair share of the pie .
a)people don't care
now , i'm not giving out names , but i will say that i have read advisor opinions that aren't worth cleaning the toilet with .
it's not justice .
no offence to those who enjoyed this pathetic novel , but dean koontz is by far the worst horror novelist i have read in a very long time .
that 's not the end either .
hello dean? ? could n't you find a more suitable ending ?
the author did not prepare the readers for this whatsoever , and it 's as if he did n't know how to end it , and so he just stuck in whatever .
i just told you the whole story in a few paragraphs , and now you do n't have to read it .
for some reason , probably due to publisher deadlines , i have n't been as thrilled with grisham's latest works .
much to my dismay , i hear it is not a legal thriller , but rather a fictionalized childhood memoir .
there will not be one lawyer , one judge , or even a courtroom in grisham's latest novel ! !
of course , hearing it is not a usual grisham does n't stop me from getting my own copy .
i have no problem with grisham trying to branch out into other genres .
just because he is a great legal thriller author , does n't mean he can't try to be great at something else .
i have to admit , i was not expecting such a wonderful change of pace from the usual grisham-style .
course , i am not going to tell you what it is;but , i have to admit i was laughing during this segment of the book .
the spruills and the mexicans on the chandler farm do not get along .
cowboy and hank are rivals and neither one thinks the other can take him on .
i don't know any seven-year-olds who know the amount of information luke chandler does in this book .
nothing seems to get past young luke .
i hate to tell anything else about the story because i don't want to reveal too much .
nothing compares ! ! ! some have come close to that greatness , but not many .
have you ever distractedly picked up a paperback at random at a railway station or an airport with the intention of idling away some hours with reading not even certain that you will finish the book ?
have you ever been brought up short by a story so breathtaking in its subject , scope and pace that you have n't been able to put it down ?
there are a few ‘holes ' in the plot ( why does n't the baddy just shoot the goody in stead of talking at him and then letting him escape ? ) but these seem irrelevant as the roller coaster ride across two continents charges along .
i would not wish to give away anymore of the plot but regardless of your beliefs , convictions and persuasions , this is one book that will challenge them all .
these are factoids , not descriptive passages !
brown is n't about to tell us !
unfortunately , isolated examples ca n't create the mind-numbing effect of page after page of this tedious bloviating .
i had no idea ! ! !
yes , i sooo wanted to read " violets are blue , but it 's really not just for me , both of my sisters want to read it too !
therefore , it 's not selfish , because it was n't just for me ...but the three of us : )
patterson , does not expect you to know who they are , so he gives background on each , so you are n't lost , if this is the first book of his that you happen to pick up .
alex is of course skeptical , i mean , come on , vampires ? ? ? ? patterson does n't expect you to believe in vampires , but you will believe in those that want to be vampires , and live their lives impersonating the dark , fanged , murderous creatures .
as if trying to find the killers of these brutal blood draining attacks were n't enough , alex is being stalked , via cell phone by a man that calls himself the mastermind.
when you first open the book , reading the prologue , it grips you , right then , right there , so early on , you have no choice but to read , quickly , with anticipation , knowing in your heart that alex has to be triumphant ! , does n't he ?
as with patterson 's previous books , there is n't any graphic sex , or much foul language .
it may not even be something the normal person would even pick up .
-note- if you have never read a patterson book featuring doctor detective alex cross , but have seen one or both of the movies , " kiss the girls " , and/or " along came a spider " .
because as you and i know NUM % of the time the movies are never as good as the books that they are adapted from .
that does n't mean i did n't enjoy it , i just felt her other novels were much more exciting and interesting .
this was n't the story line at all - there was a hint at the paranormal and psychic abilities , but only a hint .
the characters are not very well described , but only vaguely outlined .
she 's fun , eclectic and loves to explore the supernatural ( did n't mary higgins clark write an entire book for another support character with the same fun characteristics ?
eyes of the dragon , first off , is not a horror book like sk is known for , it 's a fairy tale/science fiction/fantasy book that is more into wizards and heroes than monsters and blood .
for example , he jumped from horror ( carrie ) to romance/drama ( dolores claiborne ) to fantasy ( the dark tower ) and did it well without controversy .
when king roland dies , his kingdom is in turmoil because one of his sons , peter , is framed for murdering him while his other son , thomas , takes the throne knowing that his brother is innocent and that the wizard , flagg , killed his father , but he does n't care because his father did n't love him anyway so his father deserved his death .
the book itself moves rather fast without leaving the reader in the dust about the character 's past .
usually in king's books , he writes slowly and boringly so that all it does is get me not interested in one of his books ( for example , "it" was sort of like that and so was "insomnia" for me) , but in a couple books , he writes them really well and makes me interested his characters ( for example , "bag of bones" , "misery" , "'salem's lot" , and "pet sematary" ) .
the only real thing that i did n't at all like about this book is that the ending was horribly rushed .
the chapters aren't really long like most of kings ' books ( which is a good thing for readers on the go ) , but the artwork is amazing .
overall , his character development is good , but i did n't really get to know flagg as much as i wanted to , so it sort of sucks because i sort of wanted to know his past , what his childhood was like .
it was sort of disappointing to get to the end of the book and not know all of the characters as much as you wanted , but it 's no biggie .
if you are a big stephen king fan and love his work , but want a sort of break from his horror/sexual stories , then you should definitely check out eyes of the dragon because it is appropriate ( he wrote it for his daughter and i don't think that there is that many cuss words or any sexual tension at all ) and the story is sensational and unfolds at a fast , smooth pace .
when i read a john grisham book , i do not expect literary greatness as one would expect when picking up a charles dickens tome .
there were no twists in the plot to hook a reader - by the middle of the book , the reader already knew what the ending was going to be like and there were no surprises as to how michael block got there .
not really .
while this is no question a noble cause , it was a significant detraction to the development of the story .
it is definitely not " the firm" .
unfortunately , the book does not do much more .
it 's no little house on the prairie !
of course , that 's probably because the diction of these hard working , poorly educated sodbusters is not written so as to be really " twangy " .
not the more familiar , " momma" , when the subject of the moment , and the father is seldom mentioned in depth .
there 's no feeling of being real about these people .
fortunately , not much .
people find books every day that they 'll invariably describe to friends as " something i ca n't put down " .
however , he/she wo n't figure out all of the intricacies of the mystery until the last couple of pages - when the book comes to an incredible and fiery conclusion .
at first , even with the horrible events that transpire in his life , you wo n't be completely sympathetic towards joe .
case is able to do this without being dry - at all .
it 's one of those stories that you will not soon forget .
check out john case , and i promise you wo n't be disappointed .
too bad , author nicholas sparks novel " the wedding " is n't a story about noah calhoun at all .
the nicholas sparks movies are n't bad , as screenwriters are able to adapt ( fix ) flaws in the plot to make the novels palatable for the screen .
" notebook " vs " wedding" : none of that innovation is evident in " the wedding " as there are no new letters to be revealed , noah is only ten years older (90 ) than he was in the " notebook , " and the " wedding " simply fills in ( the operative word being "filler " ) the period of time when noah and allie were raising their four children .
the " wedding " does n't even manage this very well , as noah and allie 's child-rearing is glossed over in favor of focusing on the lives of NUM noah 's married daughter .
then again , there 's really nothing to tell , and no particular urgency in the plot .
noah 's son-in-law ( wilson and jane ) are n't as romantic as they would like , and wilson plans a big ceremony to renew their vows .
that 's the whole plot of this novel : assorted scenes of the wedding vow-renewal ceremony being planned ; repetitive scenes of events that took place in " notebook " ; NUM noah talking to swans out by the creek of the creekside extended living center ( nursing home)----blah blah blah---all told through the eyes of " wilson " the son-in-law , not noah .
again , our author does n't give the NUM noah a voice , as was the case in " notebook . "
an author who brings up the topics of atheism and jesus christ should not be relegating them to one sentence .
you do n't open up that can of worms without delving into it further .
do n't count on nicholas sparks , or narrator wilson lewis to answer these questions .
and one of the tenets of christianity is to tell a friend and not keep it to one 's self .
and , this is what i , as an avid romance reader , expect from my romances : an author so creative that he/she advances , and goes beyond the genre , such that i do n't even realize that it is , in fact , romance i am reading .
it is , without a doubt , the best book i have read in at least two years , and definitely the best book out right now .
the novel focuses on langdon , a harvard symbology professor , who has traveled to france in order to receive an award or attend a conference or something ( i honestly do n't remember what brought him to france ) .
i do n't want to give much of it away , because the book is written in several "phases . "
many of you will feel as if the writer is underestimating his audience , in that some clues are so very obvious to the reader , you ca n't help but want to smack the main characters aside the head to give them a clue .
also , i do n't recommend this book if you are looking for a novel with a lot of character development , the bulk of this book is spent on explaining events in history , theories , and describing controversial opinions on many areas ...there is n't a lot of character development .
in that sense , you do n't feel as if you "know " robert langdon by the end of the novel .
i also felt there was sort of a minor problem with an underdeveloped sub-plot ( i wo n't give it away , but we know what sub-plots usually involve ) .
other than that , the book is definitely a must read , and i would recommend it to anyone who does n't have a problem reading about the controversial issues regarding the truth of the church .
if you have n't read about non-traditional church history already , the book may actually be a slap in the face .
even though , the book jacket says that is was written by dean koontz , this book seemed to lack dean 's usual flair .
she has been in a coma for so long that she does not remember her name , her job , or what caused her to be in the hospital in the first place .
she does not remember the car accident that has placed her in the hospital , though .
although susan can not remember important details like what her job was like , or the sound of her boss 's voice , she does remember one important fact that carries through the whole book .
she tries to convince the dr. , that the orderlies are trying to kill her , after some questioning of the orderlies , it is stated that they are not trying to kill her .
the hospital and town where she is at does not exist , it is in fact just a storage facility that has been created to resemble an hospital/town .
i feel that this book was very unrealistic due to the fact that susan was a physist , yet she was not a spy and i have no idea why the kgb would be that interested in her .
instead , he took a perfectly good story , slapped on a fancy ending-that did not go at all with the storyline and called it a book .
in this book , however , she does n't seem to get much chance to do anything , even if she wanted to .
she is absolutely not qualified , but the boss is her cousin .
no dummy , stephanie absolutely refuses , even though that means her archenemy joyce will get the job instead .
she can't get a good night's sleep , because either grandma is snoring or somebody is breaking into her house and waking her up .
no, dougie does not deal drugs ( except metamucil ) , but he does deal in everything else .
if it 's not one thing , it 's another for poor stephanie .
she just can't get a break .
i suggest reading these books in order , but if you start out with this one , you'll be able to follow what's going on without knowing the background of the other books .
while this book is totally different than any other book he has written to date , it did not disappoint me at all .
i have read some ( few ) reviews that did n't rate this book kindly , but i felt very differently .
luke 's grandfather ( " pappy " to luke ) , is a spirited man who does n't tolerate nonsense .
the story takes us through the short season and all the ups and downs this poor family goes through trying not to get rich from their labors , but just to break even so they can farm another year .
he thinks that a NUM year age difference is n't too much .
trot is not 'right ' as he has some physical disabilities .
luke does n't like cowboy much because there is a little too much interest between cowboy and tally .
but then , this book ca n't go on forever .
i am a john grisham fan and i always rush out and buy his books as soon as they come out , it is sort of an indulgence for me to pay the price for a hard bound book but i enjoy his storytelling and since it is usually a once/year indulgence i do n't mind .
a painted house is not a typical legal thriller from john grisham .
i do n't want to ruin the story so i will just say that there are some things that happen and luke seems to bear witness to all of them .
he sees some things that no child should see and is more or less forced to keep a series of secrets from everyone .
i do n't think there is any action of excitement until around page NUM , give or take a few .
i knew when i purchased this book that it was not a legal thriller , but i still hoped for a little bit of mystery , there was none !
i am not impressed with this particular grisham novel .
i feel that grisham spent too much time on the character development and not enough time making the story exciting for the reader .
maybe the main character was n't developed enough ?
no, not that .
maybe it was the situation that did n't ring true ?
not that , either .
there was nothing engaging about it .
i 'm not one who likes to put that much time into a book without a payoff , but in this case i decided to cut my losses .
i just do n't think it was worth the time to finish .
and i have n't considered investing money or time in his next book .
ah , if only good writers could stay at the top of their game forever...unfortunately , this is n't the case and it 's always sad to see one of your favorite authors turn out a lackluster book that seemed to be written with a lack of regard for his readers ' intelligence as well as hastily written and poorly edited .
the book is written in traditional patterson style of no frills .
if this were n't the case , i have a feeling that many readers would have given up before the end due to boredom , frustration or the maddening feeling of ' what the hell is patterson thinking when he wrote this ? ' while they read .
i could n't help it with this book--i ripped it apart .
i actually kept a piece of paper with me as i read because i found so many flaws , each one nettling me so much that i had to write it down so as not to forget it in my review .
this book is not well-written .
in chapters that are written from cross 's point of view , he uses stupid little lines ( that cross is saying to himself ) like " oh , no kyle !
god no! " and "kyle , kyle have mercy on us " .
it would be okay if it was well-done , but it 's not .
this is the writing of a complete amateur , not someone who is at the top of his game , as patterson should be by now .
nope .
damon and jannie have never been described as anything but angelic , but in this book he refers to them as 'the little creeps ' and says jannie 'can be good when she tries ' .
it does n't make any sense !
i do n't think i 've ever seen any in real life ! ) who he starts falling for .
this is especially irritating in this book because the mastermind is threatening his family throughout , yet he keeps leaving to pursue this case and leaves them alone with their NUM grandmother and no other protection !
the dual plot is n't interwoven enough to make it work .
in violets are blue , we go throughout the entire book with him still being called the mastermind as if we 'd never been informed of his identity !
of course , we 're not surprised and cross does n't seem too surprised either .
well , if you 're an alex cross follower , you might as well read it because you 're probably already hooked ( as i am ) and will want to read the next one ( which there almost certainly will be--why not if he can get away with marketing this amateurish crap and still stay on the bestseller list ? ) .
do n't ask me why , sometimes the desire just strikes me to read , so i do it .
in the early stages of the book , luke and his father ( or grandfather , i ca n't remember ) go out and look for workers to pick the cotton .
i felt like i had to force myself to enjoy the book at this point , which should never be done while reading .
i do n't wish to reveal much else about the plot because i do n't think it is worth mentioning .
luke chandler is a seven year old boy who encounters new people on the cotton farm who either like him or do n't like him .
regardless of whether they like him or not , luke is forced to keep many secrets the workers have told him or made evident to him .
the bottom line is this : if you 're used to john grisham 's court justice books , don't read this one .
thirteen years of marriage have n't been lost on him .
there is no flowery dialog , and time is n't wasted trying to establish a hot relationship between the two lead characters .
since the storyline covers a period of less than NUM hours , there really is n't much time for that romantic schlock .
it 's far more believable without it !
ultra-conservative christians ( or those who are n't secure in what they believe ) may want to steer clear of this one .
since i finished the da vinci code , i 've discovered that this is n't the first dan brown novel in which robert langdon has appeared , nor will it be the last .
while my initial assessment was not totally off , i was both surprised and pleased to find out what the book was actually about .
the book contained so many plot twists and spoilers , but i will try my best not to ruin anything .
one of the curators , jacques saunière , has been found murdered ; not only has he been found dead , but the manner in which he was found is also peculiar .
you might be wondering what this "quest " entails and you might be surprised to find that langdon and neveu are not out to find
this did n't make me like the story any less nor did i find it hard to follow - the frustration i felt stemmed from wanting to know what came next !
because many of these theories are treated as plot twists , i do n't want to give too much away .
i know that i personally was shocked and fascinated by many of these theories and if i had known about them in advance , i do n't think they would have had the same effect .
frankly , the book flap does n't do the book justice .
you will not be disappointed .
i do n't know why you would n't read this ...
i started to read this book , i could n't put it down .
not unless i had to go to school or to bed .
i was told to read this book by my mother and as soon as i started it i just could n't stop reading it .
it does n't have the customary violence and language that most stephen king novels have , and it is n't so intense that it will frighten you .
since peter is royalty , he ca n't be killed , so he is sent up into a tower to live out the rest of his life .
it is n't scary , but it is enthralling .
it is n't violent ( well there are a few parts , but not usual king violence ) .
it is n't vulgar or sexual .
there is no mystery to the story .
grisham 's books are normally mysterious , can't wait to finish it , a " who done it " style .
this book does not have any surprises , its dull .
it definitely was not !
i would definitely not recommend it to anybody
a teacher of mine recommended this book to me , saying that all her friends loved it and could n't put it down , so when it came time to do a critique in her class , i chose this book .
unfortunately , mr. pears book was not all that it was cracked up to be .
unfortunately , it was n't , and by the beginning of the third narrator , i did not feel like reader the remaining two parts .
it wo n't be any spoiler to the literate masses to say that this classic gothic horror story revolves around young doctor victor frankenstein and the monster that he brings to life .
significant in its day for the distillation of gothic literary conventions combined with an original and imaginative premise , the book is still widely known today , if not quite so widely read .
i was fairly surprised to find that i did not at all enjoy reading this book .
despite the brevity of the story , i still thought the story dragged on , as if the author had padded the story heavily without adding anything of substance .
i was also surprised to find that the story held absolutely no suspense for me , nor could i say that the story struck me in any way as " creepy . "
adding insult to injury were the leaden dialog , a completely unsympathetic main character and the lack of credibility in the actions and thoughts of the characters .
but it strains credulity to suggest that intimate family members would really converse with each other in this way , no matter the era .
yet this idea does n't even hold up in shelley 's tale , for victor , though raised by benevolent and loving parents treats his own creation most cruelly .
another theme that shelley raises but does not satisfactorily treat is the idea that man 's desire to master nature and to understand the world in which we live is futile without the all-too-rare qualities of self-mastery and understanding of human desires and limitations .
the monster is not inherently monstrous , but becomes so through his creator 's rejection of him .
yet this message is merely hinted at and not drawn out to any clear explication or moral .
yet their differences are great too , for where victor pursues science and rationality in his studies , his reactions devolve into hysterics and passivity ; while the monster , who comes into existence with no learning and no one to instruct him , resorts to empirical analysis of the world and consistently acts vigorously on the basis of his analyses .
unfortunately , this after-the-fact sort of literary parsing does n't make up for the anemic and long-winded text that shelley left us .
this is the first time in my memory that i have read a classic piece of literature and found virtually nothing to commend it or repay my time and effort .
sadly , i cannot recommend this book to anyone .
his name is kit harrison and while she ca n't stand him and at the same time she ca n't help but like him - just a little .
after much crying and several drinks , frannie drives back home to the inn patient where she not only works , but has lived ever since david 's death .
a beautiful little human girl - no more than NUM years old .
by the time she reaches the inn patient she 's convinced herself that she could n't have really seen a girl with wings .
it just was n't possible .
it was n't easy but i did manage .
there are some graphic parts which made me mad to read , but i do n't believe it would be too much for anyone to handle .
i got this book , because it was a grisham book that i had not read ( the only one besides the chamber ) so far .
perhaps it is because i do n't agree with most of the political views of the main players of the book , but seemed that there was a bit too much whining about how the rich and the government tend to dismiss the homeless as riff-raff .
( this is not the place for me to get on a soap box and share my political views . . so i wo n't ) .
he decides to take on the world ( not unlike in rudy from the rainmaker )
over all , it appears that the deadline to get this year 's grisham book came a bit quick for john , either that , or he was specifically looking for a movie contract for this story , either way , it was not his best work--but it still held my attention through the whole book
the print is large enough to read without getting eye strain .
he is sent on a vacation because he is being overly interested in a case and wo n't go with the conventional ways of investigation .
in other words he is an agent who is obsessed with a case and wo n't give up .
max has learned to not trust anyone especially adults who have done nothing but tell her lies all of her eleven years .
unfortunately , " airframe " is n't one of those .
he 's also written some really bad stories , and it is n't one of those either .
the only problem is , we do n't really care .
[by the way , this is n't a children 's book by any stretch of the imagination !
i 'm not sure why it 's in this category .
what i did n't enjoy doing , however , was listening to this book on audiocassette .
i had never before listened to a book on tape , so this was a first .
just because i give my opinion of this book on audiocassette a bad review , it does not mean i 'm bashing audiocassette books in general .
i am a very big fan of dean koontz books , therefore i would hate for someone who has never read or listened to a dean koontz book before to pick " tick tock " on audiocassette as their first choice .
should that happen , there is a very likely chance that the person would never again try any piece written by dean koontz .
ps--please keep in mind that my ratings are not for the book itself , but for the book on audiocassette
how discouraging to buy a brand new car be making payments ca n't even roll down my windows ! ! beware when checking into purchasing this vehicle .
a regular car trunk just is n't deep enough for transporting lumber long items .
the engine was adequately powerful did n't need to downshift a single time , matter what the road was .
the car employs a floor-mounted parking brake , which i don't like .
i do n't know its top speed as i felt sufficiently in control to test it .
-open/close latches on console box are flimsy do n't release engage well .
-instrument lights are an ugly orange with one overly bright daylight setting which ca n't be adjusted .
obviously , bose has n't given any to how best to do this task .
it is inexcusable that this top of the line bose system offered by nissan does n't playing cd-r/rw discs mp3 recordings .
-doors trunk like they are made of plastic do n't close with a solid thud .
on a slightly similar note , one problem with the exterior of my vehicle is that the driver passenger doors do n't to line up flush with the rear quarter panels .
while this does n't detract from the overall styling , it 's annoying none-the-less .
i do n't understand the oversight here because the other versions of the mustang : bullitt , mach NUM cobra have better leather head rests .
i have n't decided what tires i will go with but i will get the oe.
i did n't like the plainness of the sentra , the altima too big "old " , the galant was too expensive for my budget , the civic just did n't offer the extras that the lancer did at the same price .
no, it is n't a strong point .
we do n't have an ashtray !
while it does n't have as much as my maxima , the kids ( ok , ty as mary ashley is only NUM months old ) like taking the xterra because they are seated up so high that they see out so much better .
the NUM automatic will shift down into NUM gear on almost any incline , but the ride remains calm , the engine does n't get as loud as fussy as with some car 's engines in this class while accomplishing these sorts of tasks .
the top speed is reported to be near NUM mph , but you wo n't see me driving one that fast , at least on the street .
touching surfaces , such as wheels interior handles pleasantly solid , flimsy paneling is saved for the bits you don't normally see touch .
it does n't exactly have the fastest acceleration of its competing models , but it 's pretty decent , provided the car's weight ( NUM lbs .
the most redeeming quality of the vehicle is that it 's his company car we are n't forced to shell out our hard earned cash for the not-quite-mediocre piece of crap .
considering the fact that the car retails for over $ NUM , this is n't a good thing .
it 's roomy enough for a mid size vehicle , though the seats are n't nearly as comfortable as some other similar vehicles .
just do n't any good surprises .
handling is a shade more refined over the NUM generation models , but do n't to see too much improvement , which is ok , because the nissan altima has always been a good car on the twistys .
the car was n't beautiful , but it gave us a moment of engine trouble .
unfortunately , i did n't like the look of the new maxima , the car was priced out of my desired range .
i can't defend nissan's marketing strategy , i will try to provide the details for all of these packages .
can't drink coffee , talk on the cell phone , change cds .
maybe a taller person actually use the arm rest , but i can't .
the gas tank cover is attached so that it can't be left behind .
although the NUM hp is a welcome addition to the xterra , the vehicle does n't to be able to effectively handle that much power .
please heed my warning do n't risk your time money into a ford focus .
why ? do n't ask me ...
part of the reason the rear sill is so high is a full-size spare mounted beneath the frame ( at least nissan does n't stick you with a rolling donut ) .
a single power port graces the dashboard - mine did n't work , by the way - there 's a second inside a generous console compartment .
the washing-machine ride amenity-poor interior are a dead giveaway that suv is n't intended for hauling around groceries ; it 's built to carry mountain bikes snowboards get them where they be used .
have complained about sun glare coming from the windshield , which i did n't notice , even after searching for it .
this is all well good , though i ca n't rate this car just yet until crash tests have been performed .
i stayed with the taurus 'cause i did n't have keys for the mustang .
where they'll put bumper stickers on your suv say things like your changing the climate you don't care about the air .
frost heaves in that region did n't affect the handling of the car too much .
i do n't it looks bad , per se , but i ca n't tell you exactly what the issue i have actually is .
, although it is defined as a " small car , " it really is n't that small .
i did n't it was , but the svt handles as well is as fun to drive as my hopped-up alfa romeo gtv6 , that is saying a lot ! ! !
in case you did n't know , all ford dealers sell svt cars .
it has frozen up , to recognize the operating system , take fifteen minutes to boot up ...you name it , it has n't worked .
many will be happy to find that the latest high-end system from apple does n't break the mold .
it wont last longer than NUM hrs , but you do some power saving things such as reduce the brightness of the screen , dont use the dvd drive , etc , but then whats the fun ? this is definitely meant as a desktop replacement .
first of all , it does n't have a disk drive ( the hard square disks ) , you have to buy that seperately ( which runs about NUM ! ) .
but do n't to bad for me because when i purchased the computer i chose the pay next year deal which means that i have paid for this item yet will since i cancelled my credit card .
this is a brand exclusive to circuit city so i do n't most folks comfortable with it yet .
we ca n't be having our memory smashed in the middle of battle . . know what i 'm sayin ?
there are two speakers up near the display while they wo n't rival your desk top speakers , they do the job .
you wo n't want to be cranking your music cds on this , but for watching a dvd cruising the web they are more than adequate .
i ca n't of very often that i need more than that hour a half of battery life anyway , you 're smart you always keep a spare battery anyway .
so , to me at least , that is n't even an issue .
i do n't usually write in electronics , so you folks need to tell me i left anything out here .
i do n't have space to add a separate keyboard on my desk .
i do n't use it for games ( that 's what a playstation-game cube-xbox are for ) i do n't use it to read email while i travel ( that 's what a pda is for ) .
the ps/2 jack is being phased out of notebooks , like the serial port , but there are n't that many usb keyboards available who wants to use up all their usb ports with basic equipment ?
since memory drives are commodities available cheaply , one wonders why ibm does n't splurge a bit include the latest stuff , but ibm was the low-cost leader .
the keyboard is full sized there is a numeric pad on the right ( the toshiba model that also uses this screen does n't have the numeric pad does n't look nearly as cool ) .
just do n't it will be something it is n't ( like light ) .
some of the devices still do n't work with it .
the cd-rom is very buggy as cds randomly unmount , you ca n't eject them unless you restart your computer ( a very frequent problem on our end ) .
while this review is n't about the os , i say that protected memory have made this os bearable , but when one program crashes , they all go , mon ami .
os x will be out mid summer ( provided they do n't delay it for another year ) , os x compatible programs will be popular around NUM .
in other words , this computer is n't worth your time money .
at this point , i was so used to waiting that the message did n't phase me .
surprisingly , the base does n't get hot as one , meaning apple has done a superb job of designing the cpu.
i have n't had any freeze-ups hardware problem yet .
NUM at times the screen locks up , the " off" button wo n't work , the only way to shut it down is to unplug it from the wall .
NUM . the so-called "sleep" function does n't always work like it , certainly like the earlier notebooks .
it does n't matter to me the problems stem from apple software hardware ; the trouble remains is still real .
for surfing , do n't like you need to stick with microsoft 's bloated internet browser , ie ; safari mozilla are great alternatives are very stable ( tabbed browsing is the way to go ) .
some websites just are n't intended for such a large resolution .
it has n't been an issue for me , even though i listen to mp3 's work with large photoshop files at the same time .
the worst thing is it 's terribly slow boot speed , i do n't even run a fire wall any back ground virus checker .
it wo n't even let me shut it down , it will just hang .
it also wo n't even allow me to burn a back up disk it aborts half way through .
" it ca n't hold up to everyday use . " " it 's going to be a bust , just like the cube . "
for example , i do n't this imac will ever take off as a computer of choice in the public schools ( a haven for the original imac ) .
my first attempt at this did n't work because i was installing livetype at the same time .
based on other reviews , i do n't this will be a problem for a typical household environment .
it 's just that most people are n't going to put that kind of computer in a room where noise is an issue .
for me , with projects to do stuff to accomplish , it was n't worth waiting three weeks to get a bigger drive .
you wo n't get the performance you need .
so do n't even about using it in a library .
on the port replicator there is only NUM ps/2 connector that does n't spliters .
i ca n't use my acquisition devices process my data .
i lost one full month of productivity with their incompetent tech ( here in europe ) they do n't want to hear about a return .
she does n't like it .
i do n't it is to overclock with the hardware in this machine .
they are n't made for adjustment they just are n't that fast .
i opted for a refund because i do n't in the " three strikes you 're out , " philosophy , two i is plenty .
i didnt pay NUM bucks for a warranty to be made fun of .
dell did n't include a serial ps/2 port ; these are ports that are outdated today .
the pc world is filled with specs benchmarks , you do n't see this nearly as often in the mac world ( although you do see it ) .
the d-link adapter is tiny at NUM " x NUM " x NUM , so you just plug it in you do n't see it .
the mouse it ships with actually does n't have any buttons at all .
i did fool around a little on the pc trying to make a movie , but i did n't find it all that intuitive , it a little flaky .
however , i did n't them to transform the way i used a computer .
i 've heard stories from other people who say that the fans will cycle up down , get very loud - i set the machine to "fastest , " the fans stay on all the time , the box is still quieter than my old dual g4 was ( it was n't a windtunnel/mirrored door mac , ! )
for those who are looking to buy a computer that is technologically advance will last at least a couple of years before it becomes worthless look elsewhere do n't waste your hard earned money on this piece of junk .
on the downside , the os does n't work with the NUM megs of ram the computer comes with--they tweak the os sell in this configuration .
though i did n't personally have to pay for the farberware , for my money i go with another brand that is so expensive .
do n't buy you cook low fat meals as you use oil to keep everything from sticking .
my mom told me the other day that she had a set that she bought before i was born ( NUM ) i do n't remember ever seeing them .
you do n't have to take a chance on all-clad .
do n't we already have some ?
they work , do n't they ?
i did n't have to hang onto the pan handle for dear life to turn the chicken , .
most amazing for me was that i did n't have to promenade the chicken around the pan to get each piece cooked evenly one browning too quickly the others enough .
now , because husband of mine is n't always the most observant of men notice the gleaming all-clad on the stove top when passing through the kitchen to the dining room , i made use of the NUM casserole w/lid( NUM " x NUM ) on this occasion as a serving piece -- layering pasta , sauce , chicken cheese in it , placing the lid on delivering it to the table as a functional centerpiece .
do n't keep it to yourself , unless you want to
though husband of mine is enlightened about all-clad , he does n't buy it .
he does n't cook , so he ca n't appreciate the comparison between my old cookware all-clad , he does n't purchase pieces for me because he does n't know what price is good what piece be best to add next .
a gleam of sorts , almost like a lightning flash , off to one side at the back of one of the long , church supper tables set up for flea-marketing fanatics ( do n't look at me ! ) .
me ? i do n't remember what i did , it all happened so fast .
since they do n't have a club .
i do n't have a card to carry , a poster to hang up in my kitchen , even a bubblegum card to show for it , but i do have a nice collection of all-clad stainless steel cookware stowed in my cupboards .
the "do n't wash a dish by hand unless you have to ( want to ) " motto i uphold is quite satisfied by the oven-safe aspect of all-clad stainless steel fry pans .
yes , but i do n't go that route .
in the case of cookware , i want to be sure any residue comes off the surface , including grease that sometimes does n't come off gets baked on in the dishwasher .
as far as harsh scrubbers ( sos pads , brillo , other steel-based cleaning items ) , the company does n't recommend using them , i avoid them anyway .
do n't settle for substitutes
i have n't had the set long enough to see how the mirror-like finish will stand up .
lids are included on most pieces so you wo n't have to scramble to find a retrofit open stock piece .
it was n't long , however , before my cooking style left its mark on these pans , literally .
still , the non-stick surfaces of the saucepans are scratched enough that they are n't as non-stick as they used to be .
i ca n't recommend non-stick sauce pans , however , the annodized exterior finish of the kitchen essentials non-stick line is difficult to keep looking good .
they do n't necessarily need to be non-stick .
i did n't know what i was with my old target pots and pans .
you ca n't knock it off the stove accidentally , nothing you do to these pots is going to damage them ( well , use metal utensils in them :-)
*/sym you ca n't use metal utensils in them - i 'm lazy , i used to grab a spoon from the silverware drawer to stir .
do n't even of throwing money away on calphalon .
i received a smoothie elite as a christmas gift was mildly appreciative of the gesture , but needed a blender , so i did n't return it .
i did n't want anything that required lots of care fussing - these don't ! !
they comfortable in your hand the handles do n't get very hot .
food cooks evenly pans are heavily weighted on the bottom so they do n't tip warp .
the blade does swivel back forth for ease of use but does n't go too far so that you have trouble .
that makes it nice as it is n't too large but large enough to get the job done effectively .
now the oxo NUM " steel swivel peeler is n't just for potatoes , you use it for cucumbers , carrots , zucchini , apples , peaches whatever fruit vegetable that is firm has a very thin skin .
i do n't complain about this chore , it 's the hand washing that bothers me .
it was n't the peeled beaded non-stick surface that bothered me , it was the look in her eyes , like i had just eaten the last reese 's miniature asking her she wanted it first .
i just do n't like to see disappointment in her eyes , i am stuck using the same three pots , over over over .
utilitarian does n't have to equal ugly .
the company did n't have to wow me with flashy ads , i did n't have to read any reviews ( gasp ) .
as i had hoped , the shiny stainless exterior has a mirror like finish that comes out of the dishwasher looking glorious , unlike the calphalon , has n't deteriorated ( pitted ) in any way .
i know i have n't had the set for that long , but i do n't the same troubles that i had with my calphalon .
it is n't dishwasher friendly .
lo behold , you ca n't dishwasher this variety .
you ca n't put them in the dishwasher--they 'll get white spots on them ( i tried with one small piece . )
from fried and seared fish to chicken dijon - they all turn out perfectly ( provided the cook does n't make any mistakes ! ) .
i do n't know why this occurs but it is a hazard i have to constantly remember to grab a pot holder before grabbing the handle of the pan pot .
i had already owned tempered glass in the past i did n't like the way everything i cooked to burn on the bottom of the pans .
i also had previous experience with aluminum pans with copper bottoms , the copper was very difficult to keep shiny new looking i am wary about the connection between aluminum alzheimers ( i wo n't even use deodorant with aluminum in it , why i cook with it ? )
in case you are n't aware of it , the lids are pieces of the cookware ... they are included in the set - this does come with NUM pots .
they wash nicely in the dishwasher , but since we have hard water pots pans come out with spots on them , i choose to wash them by hand , i do n't even mind it !
this took a little getting used to as well , but i do n't mind , i know that the pans are very sturdy well built !
what i do n't like
i do not regret this purchase
i do n't regret one penny that i spent on this set of pans .
i like to toss fast-cooking vegetables in the pan , to ensure they do n't burn .
mind you , the pan is very heavy , so shaking it is quite aerobic , for those of you who do n't exercise enough .
don't even get me started on the air poppers .
microwave air popped corn don't work well for variations .
don't worry .
the wooden handles don't get hot , but the metal does get really hot .
traces of oil wipe off the popper , which does n't have serious cracks crannies requiring serious probing .
while the small traces of oil from the popper don't cause a problem , the build up over time plug pipes especially in a southern home where oil is almost a beverage .
i did n't it at first that cookware made such a difference but now i do !
i do n't like the master-chef line .
i do n't so ( their tea kettle is one of the ugliest i have seen ) .
you wo n't be sorry .
but i did n't trust him .
they clean up easily enough , even when that man i married burns something on the bottom then does n't soak it .
you do n't need to push more than maybe four to six times , but trust me , you 'll keep pushing because it 's so much fun !
it does n't take a lot of pressure at all .
remember , do n't use a metal knife to cut your lettuce up though , because the edges will turn brown .
i do n't have the patience to hand wash large skillets stock pots .
i do n't mind paying premium price for good cookware , but it has to be much better designed that calphalon !
i ca n't recommend buying calphalon .
i live alone , so sometimes i do n't need a huge set .
do n't get me wrong , i have owned lots of other cookware , but they all fell short in one way another .
stainless steel is a great metal but it does n't conduct heat very evenly , on the other hand , aluminum is great at conducting heat evenly but it does n't hold up very well , but put them together wow wee what a wonderful marrage of two great metals .
i did read some other reviews the reviewers said that the thing they did n't like about all-clad cookware is that it was hard to clean , way ! ! !
it really does ...do n't leave them alone for a long period of time .
i got a lot of use out of the largest pot for the first year by boiling bottles in it constantly . i do n't know what i have done it .
that does n't happen with a pan cast in one solid piece made of iron .
even then i do n't you hire many people who really handle NUM pounds of pan .
do n't give up on cast iron based on this pan .
we did n't want anything with a nonstick coating , but we also did n't want to spend hours scrubbing pots .
do n't place your calphalon on more than medium heat .
do n't leave food in it .
do n't use a scouring pad .
we did our best but it was n't long before the pans , especially the saucepan , were nicked scratched .
chef boyardee i became chummy for many months , his concoction ( , i do n't want to know what 's in it ) simmered to preservative-laden perfection within my all-clad stainless NUM sauce pan .
do n't let anyone try to convince you that all-clad cookware is "yuppy" , for those who have everything , "out of the regular person 's league " .
the part that is n't to heat -- the stay-cool handle -- does n't get hot , unless you use the all-clad stainless NUM sauce pan in the oven .
what you do n't get with this all-clad stainless NUM sauce pan
mine did n't .
honestly , we had n't been munching much on popcorn recently because my tiny microwave was on the fritz refused to work on microwave popcorn .
as long as you don't do anything too strange , your popcorn will turn out perfectly .
do n't get me wrong i like the finished product of using my new cookware .
i do n't know what they are doing doing , but this set left a bad experience for me .
can't go in the dishwasher , ca n't use oil sprays in it .
it 's also heavy to the point where the usage is impaired , the enamel coating does n't last as long as it for the price , some of it is just plain ugly ( see especially the flame orange colour ) .
that i parted ways with these particular family heirlooms does n't , though .
i have n't quite been able to duplicate some of the stews curries made in the le creuset pans , but it 's a small price (unlike the retail selling one ... ) to pay to be free of pots that were so heavy as to be immobile unwashable .
while inquiring about tickets to a show we were told " i do n't know , call them find out " !
our check in was fairly normal , for the " we do n't have the adjoining room available " .
that certainly did n't make me secure in any way--what kind of " security guard " does n't know the lay of the land in the hotel he works ?
but please do n't call the room before NUM because the baby is sleeping . "
i did n't know what to since i have rarely ever had as many complaints here as anywhere else .
we had a terrific time in key west as long as we did n't spend a minute more than we had to in our so-called 'luxury ' rooms .
of course , i did n't realize it cost so much money !
during our trip there was a lot of construction going on in this area , so i do n't know we got a fair sampling of the food , but it to be somewhat .
i ca n't even remember how many bruises i ended up having on my leg from hitting against the corner of the bed .
my husband was n't quite as impressed with the dealers at the table games , he did n't to they were quite as friendly as some of the other hotels .
the rooms were large they did n't packed in like sardines .
do n't forget , my employer paid a lot to have me stay here ; under similar circumstances , i 'd recommend going elsewhere .
the dining choices at the yacht and beach club are n't shabby , : cape cafe offers a character buffet breakfast in the morning a non-character ( but delicious ) clambake buffet at night , with menu items such as clam chowder , fresh clams , corn on the cob , new potatoes , chicken , rice , salad bar , the most scrumptious dessert bar in wdw ( to mention a kid 's section with fried shrimp , chicken tenders , etc. ) .
a lot of room is devoted to slots of all sorts , trust me , this casino is n't giving anything away , folks .
now , while i do n't disney is responsible for the behavior of these groups , they have also done nothing to curtail their behavior .
too bad they do n't let you swim in the water though .
the signs do n't stop the ducks from swimming in the water though .
i usually do n't like the desserts that they have at buffets , but this place is n't like all of the others !
ok , so it was n't quite the pirate battle , but how many times did we look out the window during the weekend ?
with four women in the room , the layout was n't ideal when preparing to go out , but it was still perfectly adequate .
i did n't smell smoke see flames , but heard sirens coming toward the hotel .
i had n't of fire safety before , but it was comforting to know the hotel had a good system .
however , any consideration of the room its amenities was completely overshadowed by the view , which was spectacularly bad - indeed , i do n't know that i 've ever experienced a worse one .
well , i mean , we were low-rent priceline customers , but i do n't that ever be a reason for less than standard service - therefore , i have to conclude that even had we paid full rate , we have received the same service , the same room .
with an abundance of nearby lodging dining alternatives , i don't see any compelling reason to ever visit the benson hotel again .
we were drawn by it 's magnificent sparkly decor , which is a little deceiving because you do n't get what you when you walk in .
i did n't particularly like the atmosphere anything about it .
as far as playing the slots , i did n't even bother .
i did n't even hear a coin drop .
i do n't care it was NUM am--she have tried to get me a non-smoking room .
i did n't bother .
i do n't know this was a florida drought thing something else , but it was annoying .
from the moment we arrived , we were put-off by the snooty attitudes of the staff , but we did n't too much of it .
when she called to complain , they lied to her told her that we'd refused the cheese tray delivery had indeed received the gift certificate note , when she told them that she'd spoken to us knew this was n't true , they told her that we were the liars !
but the story does n't end there .
i don't know much about things of that sort , but whatever leaked intoxicated the air .
we were fully prepared to move to the four seasons , but we had only one more night felt it was n't worth the trouble , that we'd simply return to their boston property again .
as a side note , do n't waste your money on crazy girls , one of their NUM shows , the show is as unimpressive as the hotel the " i wanna be 'grace under fire " comedian is awful .
while i have n't stayed in other disney resorts , this hotel is described by the cast members as the frequent guests ' favorite .
there are always kids running back forth over the bridge they ca n't resist !
we do n't spend a lot of time in our room so i do n't like to pay for a view .
that means do n't go in the water !
another really neat thing about hawaii in general is that they do n't have thunderstorms lightning unless there 's a hurricane something terribly out of the ordinary .
this is n't pushed at all at resort guests .
i 've had the dinner buffet three times ( over the total of NUM nights i 've been at the resort )and i do n't i 'd go back again when there are so many other place to eat .
sure , go see the show have a meal , but do n't sleep there .
do n't get me wrong .
that 's right , they do n't offer a shuttle service to the downtown area .
i wo n't be staying at palace station again .
maybe that is why we take more cruises , as the ship keeps moving , the rain ca n't be there forever .
the whole time we were there the red flag was up , so we did n't get in the water .
frankly , they did n't even need a beach !
also my parents had a major issue with some teenage kids having a party in the room next to theres ...yeah they called the desk ...still it just does n't disney .
when walking on it , it does n't stick to your feet !
i have two minor complaints about the room - the very small tv - i do n't know the exact dimensions of it but it was definitely smaller than a NUM inch .
the other side of the lodge is an upscale restaurant ( which we did n't try , but looked to be doing a land-office business ) .
we did n't have many of our meals at the hotel , but what food we did have was good fairly priced .
i just wish it had n't taken so much effort - it really did colour my entire view of the hotel .
while the room was n't so bad , there were things that i liked did n't like about the all star sports , like many hotels .
this resort does n't deserve NUM stars for a couple different reasons ...
i 've gone out early in the morning come back to the room at about NUM the room still has n't been made up ! ( of course , when they finally do clean the rooms , everything is up to par ) .
so , disney gives you a resort at a great value , but there is still a price to pay for what you are n't literally paying for !
but ferrell , another of those " saturday night live " vets who go for nothing beyond the quick laugh , ca n't milk a routine to save his life .
review - do n't let this movie fool you .
cool hand luke- remember when paul newman is fighting that big guy in the boxing match , he wo n't give up , even though he knows he is defeated ?
though i listed only NUM examples , i counted NUM when i first came out of the theater , but i ca n't of the others .
he did n't even really put up a good fight against his commander 's orders .
he does n't even get tempted to shoot .
i 've got to admit that the first time i saw the trailer for calendar girls i was n't exactly charged with anticipation .
crosbie the other actresses did n't have to rely on just themselves though because they had the of some good writers .
it 's based on a true story , but that has n't prevented historical inaccuracies in the past , whilst i do n't really know anything about what really happened , i do know that the film is more than just another good comedy .
i consider myself a moderate person that is not overly protective or overly liberal .
i had assumed ( like i 'm sure many of you would ) that it would be rated g. it 's not .
there were enough instances that i cannot recall all of them , but multiple times during the movie i felt uncomfortable wondering if any of my three sons understood the inappropriate jokes .
i later discovered my NUM year old understood all of them ( i wish he had n't ) , my NUM year old understood about NUM of them , and my NUM year old is still innocent enough to understood none of them ( except the "butt scene " ) .
the most memorable moments that i did not appreciate are the "butt scene " - where the cat was outfitted with a large bare bottom , using the term " dirty ho " - referring to a dirty gardening hoe , and an acronym for the cat 's vehicle is s.h.i.t.
the story line and plot itself is poor and does n't flow nearly as smooth as a dr. seuss 's classic should .
i would not see this here or there , i would not see this again anywhere...
the children aren't writing the reviews .
she's involved with the guy next door ( alec baldwin ) , who can't stand the kids , is trying to convince joan to place conrad in military school .
admittedly , myers does at times fall flat more than a few times with lines that just aren't that funny .
with a stretched plot at times juvenile humor level , this film won't appeal to all adults .
there are a few moments of adult humor , but they're mild there's nothing that kids will really pick up on .
my first was : do n't most wives that murder their husbands wake up in jail first ?
i had n't laughed that hard that consistently at just a preview in a very very long time .
it is n't easy , given willie 's penchant for having sex in the plus size fitting rooms , showing up late drunk to work , becoming slower slower on the safecracking year after year .
willie , meanwhile , becomes a sort of father figure to thurman , despite the fact that he sees nothing but a loser in the kid .
he questions why he does n't stand up to the skate punks who pick on him , tries his best to teach him to fight .
the scenes between ritter mac in particular like they were n't even shot at the same time with them in the same room .
i still have n't forgiven tom for what he did to nicole .
i do n't that he 's a particularly gifted actor however , like britney spears , he is the consummate entertainer .
unfortunately , the government does n't want to hear that despite algren 's proof , they send a group in to hold the samurai's back from disturbing a railroad .
well relax , i did n't .
as far as the story goes , i ca n't vouch to any of the historical accuracies of it so you are one of those sticklers for factual accounts , you want to do your research before you go .
while i liked what they did , it just was n't the same .
one of my favorite parts of the original was when they went on the big scavenger hunt for the moss-covered three handled family gredunza , they have to mark all the places where it is n't .
it is n't in this keyhole ( no? ) it is n't on my knee ( hmm , mark the keyhole k-300 , mark the knee NUM ) okay , it 's a little sad that i still remember that .
she 's a legally blonde ... something , i do n't remember ( my bad ! ) she is hosting a party at her house that night .
i do n't know how much smash mouth paid ( got paid ) to have NUM of their album played behind this thing , but it 've been a pretty penny !
acting ? do n't ask .
do n't know the same will hold true for you folks , !
bottom line , do n't be a rule breaker .
there was some mild swearing , but nothing that a kid does n't hear on t.v. these days .
i personally do n't want to take my five year old to a "real " eddie murphy comedy a "real " horror movie .
dr. grey obviously does n't her .
i do n't know i am giving anything away by saying this , but the whole "help the ghost find justice so they rest in peace leave me alone " thing is just getting old as well .
i do n't know i was just fed up with the blabbermouths behind me , i really did n't care how the movie ended .
some parts worked , most did n't .
i did n't really notice the special effects : that means they were good enough that they did n't stand out - that 's a good thing .
that the dad is eddie murphy to me is n't that special a thing .
but they do n't last long .
my boyfriend does n't even like christmas told me he had goosebumps for the last NUM minutes of the movie .
apparently , it is n't nor should it even be compared to "dead poets society" .
not even the film's young cast of kirsten dunst , ginnifer goodwin , julia stiles , and maggie gyllenhaal along with dominic west , john slattery , and marcia gay harden could save this disappointment called "mona lisa smile" .
the next day , watson gives paintings that weren't in the required syllabus for the students that leads to the school's news editor betty warren ( kirsten dunst ) to saying the painting is appalling since it has no structure or textures .
betty is n't fond of watson's subversive tactics although the rest of her classmates including valedictorian joan brandwyn ( julia stiles ) find them refreshing .
when katherine was grading papers , she meets up with joan who questioned her grade as katherine just wants her to state her own opinion and not someone else's .
not to appreciate but look beneath the paintings , notably jackson pollock .
constance finds herself more at comfort whenever betty is n't around , especially when pursuing aspiring writer charlie stewart ( ebon moss-bacharach ) .
after a party where katherine revealed that she was once engaged but never made it to the altar , betty goes into another rant over katherine's life and finds herself alienated by the rest of the student .
betty becomes a thorn to some students , notably the insecure constance as she tells her that charlie had been going out with someone , which turned out not to be true as betty finds her marriage crumbling .
the students began to ponder their own direction in life including betty as katherine is wondering if she should stay without any sense of compromise .
director mike newell , known for his great work in "enchanted april " and "donnie brasco" does a somewhat , mediocre job although he can capture great dramatic moments , he does n't give anyone the idea on what type of film this should be .
the film has no true , linear structure and leaves everything in a very disappointing way .
newell still should be given credit for trying to make things interesting since the pacing of the film is attentive but it 's given a weak script with no sense of a singular direction to begin with .
i don't have a problem with .
i just don't like it presented in this bland , contrived form .
while the cinematography , art direction , production designs , and costumes design should be noted , it still does n't have the freshness of what to expect for a film made for the oscars , which is one huge reason why this film was made .
even in the tense , dramatic moments , it does n't feel suspenseful nor in the lighter moments , it comes out as fluff .
julia roberts without a doubt , is a good actress depending on what film she does .
unfortunately in period pieces like "mary reilly " and "michael collins" , she has never fared well and in "mona lisa smile" , she does n't really bring anything that we have n't seen before .
while she showed some masterful parts in the dramatic scenes and having some nice chemistry with marcia gay harden , she does n't carry spark when it comes to the romantic scenes with dominic west , which felt too fast and very clichéd .
west's bill dunbar is served as this lothario who is n't quite as he seems and it 's a very clichéd character and west's performance is mediocre at best .
kirsten dunst's performance as the b*tchy betty warren at times is convincing since you don't like her but you don't really sympathize with her character very much at all and she comes out very shrilly .
it was very messy and her character was just totally generic , i did n't really care for her .
the film's best performance for me goes to ginnifer goodwin as constance since she was someone to sympathize with since she is n't the prettiest of the whole group but goodwin plays her performance with a lot of heart .
maggie gyllenhaal delivers an excellent performance although she is not the scene-stealer many are saying .
in the film's site , they say she is fragile and all of this junk yet i never found out why she sleeps with these men or anything .
it was very clear from the start this film was made to get some attention for the oscars but after the recent snub from the golden globes ( except for best original song for elton john , which is an all right song ) ; it 's likely not to get any oscar nominations for anyone involved except the costume and production designs .
even all this does n't get you to the point that you really connect with where ‘the last samurai' is going , because though ‘dances ' ‘shogun' weren't true stories , there was a decent ‘truth ' in them .
‘the last samurai' is one step removed here , because it is n't a fictional story in that sense .
it does n't really deserve many nominations , much less the wins it 's somewhat to receive .
the movies don't need to be fleshed out with over analytical information about why the cat is who he is with the history of their lives , but give it a rest .
analysis : there may not be many things that i 'm sure of , but i do know a few for absolute certain .
leg-warmers will never make a come-back , davidk93 is gay , jacksommersby is not gay , and the world would be a much better place if every adult and child read ( and understood ) dr. seuss ' books .
there 's not a single example of seussian literature that fails to transcend any preconceived notion of what it means to be young , old or somewhere in the middle .
i 've vowed never to live through a holiday season when i do n't watch the animated how the grinch stole christmas !
but this review is n't about my clearly irrational desire to live in the world of dr. suess , it 's about how bo welch 's ( henceforth referred to as bo grinch ) cinematic adaptation of seuss ' cat in the hat has robbed me of my childhood memories .
seuss never saw any reason not to redraw that which already exists , and neither did bo grinch .
drawing things as they 've never been drawn has also helped to maintain the timeless nature of seuss ' work , and avoids the pitfalls of stereotypes and geographic isolation .
dr. seuss was a creative visionary who never set any limits on imagination , and this is where cat in the hat fails to live-up to expectations .
i have no problem with people that value money above all else , but please limit your destruction to that which is yours .
the rights to seuss ' words might be yours , but his legacy is not !
it seemed to me that myers forgot that he is n't on saturday night live , playing to a largely adult audience .
this simply was n't the venue for him to enlist his own brand of creative devices .
spencer breslin ( conrad ) and dakota fanning ( sally ) are just children themselves , and ca n't be held responsible for the awkwardness that is brought about by bo grinch and his grinchy ways .
( yes , i realize that i 'm the same person who 's always saying there is n't enough nudity , but even i ascribe to some sense of good taste ) the references to a dirty hoe and a playboy centerfold were entirely unnecessary .
i realize that younger children might not get them , but then why include them ?
adults have never found this necessary to enjoy seuss ' books ; and spoiling the pristine , although sometimes misunderstood , image of the cat in the hat is a low blow -- even for mike myers .
i never even got to see what it would be like to fly a kite in the house .
i never got to see the things bump the kites on the wall !
and we did not like it .
not one little bit .
ok , not everyone agrees with me : dragonfire88 , bruguru .
i wish i had n't seen this movie .
i wish that roger ebert had n't given it NUM out of NUM stars said , this is one of those rare christmas comedies that has a heart , a brain a wicked sense of humor , it charms the socks right off the mantelpiece .
santa does n't know that he 's taken buddy back to the north pole until he crawls out of the bag in the elves workshop .
the thing is , little buddy is n't so little .
his father walter ( james caan ) ( who does n't know about buddy ) lives in a magical place ( new york ) his mother susan ( jane bradbury ) died shortly after he was born .
buddy does n't get the joyous reunion that he was expecting .
for days , his father does n't that he 's his long , lost son .
me , you wo n't care .
i do n't that i 'll ever be able to watch snl again for fear of a headache .
the way he played the character of buddy was n't what i was expecting .
but he did n't .
i only have one bad thing to say about this movie ... i really do n't like the angry elf .
after that he's done with willie does n't want to see him again until the next holiday season when they start up posing as santa his elf .
( i won't reveal where the real dad is ) matter how awfully willie talks to the kid , he so desperately wants a male figure he accepts willie for what he is .
you will laugh when you don't want to laugh embarrassed for doing so .
just goes to show ya , you do n't mess with the rules .
ms. watson is content with questions , the girls have nothing but answers .
so i was n't really sure which side i was on by the end !
so i ca n't say the movie did n't make me .
billy-bob is so unredeemable disgusting that you ca n't help , but laugh when brat after brat climbs aboard his tipsy lap lists their demands .
the focus group ending bothered me ; it felt a little bit like the writer did n't know how to end it .
i was n't a huge fan of the dark turn it took , but i did n't it hurt the film as much as the happy ending .
the walden children are surrounded by people who should never be their role models .
this feline does n't show sally conrad how to have fun ; he shows them how to be consumers .
however , as you'd imagine , it manages to resolve itself before too long does n't detract from the overall feel-good factor .
thankfully , this film works well enough by its own right that it does n't have to keep cruise in the limelight all the time ; he's quite happy to have it that way .
while i was n't always buying him as a genuine samurai , he throws himself into the role with such determination that he deserves to be commended for his efforts , despite the fact that he is a hollywood megastar ( which is hard to see past , regardless of how good the performance is . )
don't get me wrong , the story is great .
there is a carefully plotted final battle that does n't cheat the viewer by simply having the soldiers run out kill each other .
it does n't get much better than that .
from the moviemakers ' point of view , the speech is meant to be ironic , but it actually leaks the ugly little secret that radical feminists do n't want to hear : another woman 's choice does n't always agree with your own .
when ron howard brian grazer announced that they were moving forward with a cat in the hat movie , i was n't expecting much .
i assume you 're familiar with the book so i wo n't rehash the entire plot...the movie loosely follows the book , taking lots of modern day liberties .
what i did n't like was the over the top job they did on alec 's character making him the opposite of what the children 's mother he was .
ok , i 'll give credit here , although i really did n't like the path they took to get there , the story line was basically the same .
being a long time doc fan , i did n't like the grinch with jim carey , but it was a masterpiece compared to this one .
i really that horton hear a who is n't up for the next book to be butchered .
i do n't hes funny at all on snl , but i was willing to give him a chance .
i 'm actually surprised disney did n't make this movie since disney movies are n't funny geared towards kids .
no, really .
actors are brain dead , rely on childish type humor to make the audience laugh , you do n't do a very good job convincing the audience even for a moment that this is a fantasy flick .
i do n't recommend this to anybody looking for a serious laugh , even a little bad language .
obviously this is just my opinion , i do n't others to this way , but you like adult humor , decent acting , a movie with a plot , a believeable movie set , then avoid this movie like the plague .
it just does n't sound right .
this movie is n't for little kids .
i have n't seen "elf " yet but i seriously imagine it being as funny for adults as bad santa .
he is n't capable of building toys with the same lightning-fast speed as the other elves ( be something genetic ) .
i don't know how it was done , but bob newhart was half the size of will ferrell , so this made for some pretty humorous situations .
ferrell plays buddy perfectly - i did n't see him as dumb , only innocent naive .
acting wise , cruise stays on top of his game , i do n't it is " oscar-worthy " despite the amount of training he did for the role , but he really has n't been better .
the writers did n't know how to properly close it so they stamped it with the all too typical "hollywood hero " end .
please note that i do not regularly have my girlfriend shove crutches up my a*s .
sure , it 's all based on characters created by the good doctor years ago , but it all feels like one big bathroom joke that is n't funny in the very least .
as mom plans to host a big party at home for her obsessive compulsive neat freak boss ( mr. humberfloob , played by sean hayes ) , the kids are told not to ruin the house , and are left with a noodling , overweight babysitter who falls asleep faster than granpa does on the simpsons .
seuss big screen adaptation was n't anything all that hot either ( the grinch ) , at least it felt like it had some of that dr. seuss heart to it , and jim carrey at least brought something to the role that so many thought he did n't belong in .
this however , does n't work in the least .
myers spends the whole movie acting as if he had NUM too many jolt colas , and when he is n't completely aping one of his better known characters ( i .e .
it 's f*cking embarrassing and not the least bit funny .
this , along with the two kids ' performances , are the only things worthwhile about this movie , and trust me , they are n't even worth the price of a rental , nevermind a full price ticket to a theatre .
i did n't think it would be possible for anyone to rip the heart out of a dr. seuss book ...and just when you did n't think it was possible , along came hollywood .
do n't let this happen to you .
i had a few problems with believability , by that i don;t mean suspended disbelief .
i simply ca n't buy the that berry be put into the very institution she worked for placed under the care of only her peers , but one of her closest friends .
up at the north pole , elves are busy getting ready for christmas but there is one elf that is learning that he does n't quite fit in .
though the feature does n't have an exceptionally large cast , the film does n't have to with some lead characters picking up any slack left over by that .
sally does n't know how to have fun conrad only knows how to have fun .
i especially did n't like the fact that there to be a couple of sexual innuendos unappropriate for children completely unnecessary in the film .
the make-up was n't too good .
the setting was n't exactly what i had envisioned .
it did n't look like it had just "leapt " out of the book .
they wo n't know any different .
adults anyone who has ever read the book wo n't be that impressed .
it was so bad , i ca n't even of a way to make fun of it .
she ai n't rossellini .
bad boy is nothing more than a sappy attempt to convince the american hip hop listening audience that shyne is more than just a rapper , he had to earn his keep on the streets , he is still doing so .
do n't fall for it , shyne is nothing more than a really bad actor , a pathetic attempt to match the superior lyrical stylings , of one , biggie smalls .
he has a horrible voice for the business , a look similar to that of warren g , who has n't been popular since the mid NUM 's , is obviously just a cheap biggie imitation .
i 'd rather listen to an album that does n't state how much sh*t you got an album about killing the most people smoking te most weed .
why do n't you all do yourself a favour goto to your local underground hiphop store purchase an album that was mad for strictly flows , strictly skillz , strictly hiphop .
pick up deadringer , you wo n't be disappointed .
honestly , i do n't know .
as i stated earlier , odds evens does n't contain a weak track .
the song has a more poppy to it , sounding like a britney spears song , but i personally ca n't stand the premise the vocals of this song , making it somewhat unlistenable .
even though the beat is n't bad whatsoever , it fit better for pharrell to sing over it this b*tch .
i dont know who started that crap about noreaga being a dope lyricist , cause he is far from it .
with only NUM good songs , there really is n't much for this album to be good , but im positive it will sell tons of records .
some songs don't even sound like the two parts were even recorded together .
the rock parts are also sloopily throw together , don't sound like time was put into them .
the system of a down cover of wu tang's "shame" also does n't blow , mainly because the lead singer of system of a down rap .
don't waste your money on this album .
from dissing , to introspect , to retrospect , rasco lays it down skillfully with enough greatness to make jon saxton wish he was n't such a moron .
cormega does n't fuck around with bragging , various comments just rambling on about nothing , he actually kicks a few verses that touch down on his time before this albums release how few he actually record this classic album .
the only problem i have with this particular track is that even though his lyrics are extremely good , the track is too short for him to actually go into any detail that was n't heard on common 's version .
' mega does n't resort to immature insults but relies on great lyricism valid points to explain the situation with nas , belittle him .
killaz theme ii is outstanding track , so it comes as a surprise that it 's a bonus track is n't included in the track listing .
there is even an instructor ( i do n't know i call him singer ,dj performer ) giving you the directions over a house beat : " slide to the left !
with nine different steps dedicated wills this wo n't be a problem for us !
ras kass drops social commentary of himself , comparing himself to the current state of hip hop music , stating that he does n't care about selling records as long as he keeps it real true to the underground .
this song sounds nothing like any hip-hop you 've ever heard before .
this is n't up to par with the rest of the album so far .
zion is n't the most complex mc you 'll ever hear , but every song he writes has a message .
it follows that one of the main features of louis logic's philosophy towards life is that he does n't really take too much seriously ; you wo n't see much political social commentary louis uses the creative side of his brain .
i knew it was going to be good , but i did n't realise quite how good . louis logic conforms to stereotypes trends ; he does his own thing ; while his twisted humour offend some it simply confirms to me that he is something different from much of the brainless crap that has invaded mainstream rap .
while some rappers incorporate profanity into their songs in a way that is seamless does n't stand out , the big tymers have mastered the art yet .
showing blatant disregard for proper medical behavior , he proclaims a patient dead of chirrosis of the eye , a disease which does n't even exist .
niggaz do n't realize my format is a palm spectrum
"average man" finds obie busting more caps than the folks that don't like NUM cent , which brings me to another important point : hip-hop is seeing the resurgence of thug mentality while there are plenty of artists on higher planes , the mainstream is so convoluted with thuggery ignorance that it 's enough to break my b-boy loving heart .
the gun talk , don't f( $ NUM with me talk keeps on going like the energizer bunny it was n't original on track NUM at NUM , it 's wearing thin on my nerves .
his rhymes are average at best , his flow is monotonous the fact that he seemingly can't stand independent of marshall mathers , does n't help his cause .
cash money millionaires came along many years ago , but were n't recognized until NUM when they had a huge empire of hit-making south rappers with talent , but catchy songs .
lets say you 're on the internet , you read this review , i personally challenge each every single one of you a**holes to a battle watch me rip you down to pieces one by one ... come on ... bring it ! ! ! ! of course they are n't gonna respond , because as ive stated before , " the industry fears big d" .
while the duo does n't undertake anything as pretentious as rapping off then back on beat creating an unlisteneable , extremely busy production backing like that of the def jux label ( sorry ethompson3 , ) the sparse rza like beats futuristic lyrical subject matter creates images of flying cars lunar colonization .
however , the lyrics are n't as incredible as the earlier tracks because of their more straight forward approach .
the album did n't succeed in sales , but dropped the jaws of hip-hop heads nationwide , as they nas the savior one of the best ever .
cormega has n't just left from nas ' shadow , hes basically jumped out like a video game character with this album .
who met mother nature , looked under her dress was n't impressed
after listening to this track i do n't respect bow wow as an artist anymore , therefore he is still lil bow wow to me .
well it really is n't that bad , but it like lil bow wow is kind of trying to be like jay-z here .
i know this song is n't really a five star song ...more like a NUM star song , but on this album it sticks out like a sore thumb...in a positive way .
he does throw in his raps about girls loving him , but form the most part it is n't commercial bullsh !t .
this is an album that won't disappoint you were to purchase .
most people don't respect his uniqueness in the industry his style of rapping doing things .
since the remix album exploded in NUM with the likes of bobby brown , paula abdul the new kids , there have n't been many remix albums that are average , at best .
hey , the dude wants to make you dance , he 's relatively inoffensive , he does n't traffic into the super-violent and misogynist cliches that most other popular mc 's fall into .
originally produced by the "tunes also , this remix is helmed by nelly 's in-house production team , does n't really change the song a whole lot .
these songs are n't so radically changed that you 'll miss the original versions-well , most of 'em anyway .
dabrat is a girl/lady/whatever - so why does n't she act like it ?
with her brazen , rough tones word choice , she does n't sound very ladylike to me .
nor is there much distinction between her songs .
: ) again , the tune is n't great .
this music does n't fit the lyrics the voice .
this is n't even a song - it 's like a skit .
the bass line does n't sound complete - more like little fragments pieced together .
another song that is n't decent for dancing .
all in all , the lyrics are n't great , because it basically has the same theme as all the other songs - none.
it does n't clash at all - a good sign .
nothing is on her mind .
the chorus does n't fit because the person singing it has a smooth , mellow voice , but the lyrics are so coarse you 'd dabrat sing them herself .
the only thing is - she ca n't sing .
however , the lyrics are kind of hard to catch , when they are heard , they are n't great .
we did n't really ask to hear her life story .
it does n't even matter the lyrics are wack ; the beat has you hypnotized .
ludacris spits fluidly on " it was n't us , " a track featuring a broken hip hop beat reminicent of his early neptunes-blessed track , " southern hospitality . "
unfortunately , the disc wo n't work on my computer 's dvd player .
there 's a lot of mc 's with skills in the game today ( see canibus ) that have because of beats , so success is n't a given for ak , even though he has the skills .
the rest of what this ep had to offer was n't very different from what i had reviewed , with the exception of "you don't wanna go there" , which had the best beat ( latin guitar riffs an ill sample ) on the album .
my experiment with this ep was n't very fond , it , it actually left me fazed .
i was told there was n't one , i had to buy the whole album i wanted it .
lyrically they are great , but are n't the type of group i normally like .
this album does n't have much of a positive message , which is my only problem with it .
a lot of people dismiss a lot of underground hip-hop as "weak " because it does n't talk about shooting someone treating your woman like garbage , it is too political .
needless to say , i wo n't be shouting praises for bow wow 's " unleashed " anytime soon .
the underbeat is headache-inducing , even though i 've yet to turn eighteen , i ca n't relate to any of his lyrics , which leave a lot to be desired .
" cliff hanger " is a throwback to the days of classic hip-hop , when mcs did n't have to take themselves so seriously .
there are certain things that just ca n't be touched .
with titles such as " whatchu like , " f**k you , " " all my b*tches , " it is n't surprising that some parents are forbidding their children from listening her songs in their homes .
i do n't even know here to start !
you ca n't !
nothing you out of the song !
the lyrics are n't smooth , the beat is n't catchy .
cam'ron has n't had a huge fit for a long time now .
with the quality of the original song in this case , i do n't anyone it to be .
" oh boy " is n't bad .
i really cam'ron keeps up his style does n't follow the " nelly " trend .
the lyrics don't say anything , which is to be .
i can't help but of puff daddy ( p.
murphy lee raps about him how women ca n't get enough of him .
his lyrics on the second verse are n't too bad but the subject matter is awful , once the chorus comes around again you will be slamming your head against the wall .
everyone know lil jon does n't really rhymes but all he does is yell with doubles of him yelling in the background which tends to just make noise , but here it is n't bad because his verse is only about NUM seconds long .
of course what song with lil jon does n't end with him yelling at the end of a song .
jermaine dupri ) - $ $ - jermaine dupri ask what the hook gonna be murphy lee answers he does n't need a hook ...but that is the hook .
kyjuan takes the second verse it is n't bad at first then he starts talkin some wack sh !t about how his girl is all that a bag of chips( circa NUM ) .
maybe its his flow i do n't know .
he gives some braggadocio tell of how people cant mess with the lunatics also how he is n't going to change for anyone .
i do n't like that in this album she sells her body of her talent .
" she 's from a land of sand/where pyramids dwell/and angels blow their breath through sea shells/like isis , oshun , ausset/mysterious lady that i ca n't forget . "
while it 's one of the essential rap albums of the day , it comes across very dated cheesy , so no.
redemption by ray benzino is nothing less than a prime example of why the source magazine longer is taken seriously in regards to hip-hop music culture .
i do n't so but then again i 'm only one person .
banner is from the state of mississippi in case you did n't know .
sometimes i wish i was n't born in the first place
when i heard the title of the song , i did n't know that they were singing about literally lighting someone 's rear end on fire .
while i usually do n't convince myself to just buy cd 's because it 's a sophomore effort , fabolous was a little different .
NUM . call me : another top song ( which i does n't turn into a single ) along with
NUM . ca n't let you go : a reunion with "superwoman" singer lil ' mo , i 'd describe this song as one of the best recent hip hop "love songs " ( i use love loosely on this one ) .
" cuz the entree ai n't as good somethin on the side " is one of those lines that i 'm just gonna remember matter what .
it 's one of those times that the songs really do n't apply to most of the world .
NUM . sickalicious : as much as i like missy on her own songs , she does n't really sound right on this song .
i do n't know why , but i it 's just too slow of a beat underneath funky flows .
fab has much improved his flows , quit spelling his name ( as mentioned in a scene of his trade it all NUM video ) , did n't make the whole album a series of guest spots .
so out he came with this aftermath sampler compilation , we did n't hear from him again for three years .
his grating vocals are like nails on a chalkboard even guest stars by real rappers ( snoop dogg , murphy lee ) do n't keep this jackpot from going broke .
it still is pretty stagnant but at least it does n't make me that chinese water torture is preferable .
he really does n't make sence when he raps his metafores are crap .
it is n't bad but it is n't nearly what you from kiss .
it also is n't the best NUM track out .
the chorus is n't bad though .
kayslay nas now have beef because nas did n't show up for the video shoot .
this is n't a traditional slim shady crazy/funny freestyle .
remi does n't dissapoint as the best female rapper out there ( in my opinion ) .
mc ren 's on the other hand is n't a favorite of mine .
rampage spits some really violent lyrics here , even though that does n't make it good .
after that he spits some tight bars then it goes into the chorus which is n't good but bad .
this is n't her best ...far from it but it 's still good .
the sound quality is n't as good as your cd player , but it 's bad .
after using it for a few weeks , i do n't regret the purchase at all .
i do n't get it , lcd with light off consumes very little power .
room monitor : we already have a baby monitor i do n't care to snoop on guests so...
so , we bit the bullet found that you turn it off it does n't at all get in the way you use your telco company 's voice mail system .
i 'll admit , i did n't try any of the newer NUM ghz phones .
i did n't anyone even made an answering machine one , so i to look .
i wo n't explain the answering machine in detail as it is a straight forward easy to use machine with NUM greetings ring selections (2-7 ) .
it works like the automated attendant system so i do n't see why panasonic added this feature to the system .
do n't waste your time calling uniden cusomer service .
do n't waste your time money on this inferior product .
plus i 've owned uniden phones in the past have n't had a problem with them .
our sony phones died after NUM years ...which i do n't is too bad for a cordless phone .
i knew it was n't going to be long before i purchased another cordless but i decided that i was n't going to get burned twice in less than a year so i just kept my eyes open for good deals .
going back to a corded phone was n't as easy a transition as i it 'd be .
i have n't used it much but when i have , it 's given me the ability to talk hands free .
i have n't encountered any of the problems that i had with the old phone in this unit .
i have n't listed them all , as this review is already running long .
you ca n't just yell across the house " pick up the phone " .
i do n't like the fact that each phone acts like it 's a stand alone phone .
you ca n't share directories .
you ca n't clear the " received calls " label for the system .
what 's the point of buying a system , when the phones do n't share .
i 'm glad to say that i have n't experienced of these issues .
in fact , the phone is so clear that people on the other end of the line do n't know i 'm using a cordless phone .
no, i have n't test the limits .
i had to get this phone , because my older NUM ghz phone kept causing my secure link to hiccup ( which it does n't like ) , forcing me to continually log on with my secureid pin .
unfortunately , the machine does n't always respond promptly so that sometimes people end up pressing
do n't recharge the handset until the display message directs you to do so .
a rigid NUM inch antenna sticks out at the top for the most part does n't manage to get in the way .
the only other complaint i have is that i ca n't transfer a message from one mailbox to another .
atleast this one does n't require you to do so .
the uniden phone system all the same features i was looking for , but in comparison , the uniden phones were n't at all intuitive , i was constantly referring to the manual the reception was just simply horrible .
do n't leave the phone off the handset charger for any length of time either--they go dead within one day .
i do n't use the answering system for the business line , however .
then it returns then it fades again does n't stop .
cuts out , battery does n't to be completely efficient
when i buy a phone , i do n't want hiss .
the sound quality was n't good at all for us .
NUM . NUM ghz wo n't interfere with my wireless network
things i did n't like :
