I bought and read " A Painted House " as soon as it came out as I do with all John Grisham books .
I was interested to read how he treated a story that did not revolve around a legal case .
He did not treat it well , and I will not buy another one of his books unless it is a legal thriller like his others .
The setting of the story seemed interesting enough--a rural Arkansas farming town during the Korean War .
The story takes place over the length of a cotton-picking season .
It is an observation of the picking season as told by a seven year old son of a sharecropper , Luke .
There are many other characters in the story , but the reader is never given enough information to really care about them .
The weak character definition made for a long and boring read , as I really did n't care what became of most of the characters in the story .
The book was a very long read .
The one redeeming quality was that it was very descriptive .
I had clear visuals of what the characters and the town looked like .
The descriptive nature of the story , however , was not enough to make this an interesting story .
I am not even going to talk about the plot because I really do n't see a point .
To paraphrase Nike , " Just Skip It ! "
John Grisham , of legal thriller fame , has attempted a pastoral memoir with his recent book , A Painted House .
I read the book cover to cover , enjoying it well enough in spots , but wincing in others , where Grisham just did n't seem to have the skills to convincingly carry the story .
I will apologize in advance if I make any errors in this review , as the book was a library loan that I have since returned .
Narrated by 7 year old Luke , A Painted House , is the tale of one cotton picking season for a family of Arkansas sharecroppers .
While Grisham constructs decent plots , Elmore Leonard need n't worry about his status as dialogue writer supreme .
I was also perplexed by an early description in the book , which was used on the book jacket as well .
The cotton had grown to the father's waist , AND over Luke's head .
Nearly to my waist .
So , apparently Luke was pretty short or his dad was pretty tall .
I know this is nit-picky , but if Grisham is going for memorable descriptions , using questionable details is an iffy way to start .
Luke watches his grandfather Pappy recruit laborers for the harvest , beginning with a family of hill people ( a nice way of saying hillbilly ) , the Spruill's , and migrant Mexicans .
A good-natured bunch of gringos , except for the switchblade brandishing one called Cowboy .
Thus begins a summer full of adventure , the likes of which I have yet to see in all of my 38 years .
The Spruill's have brought along a psychotic behemoth named Hank , who murders a young punk in a fight , during a Saturday night outing into town .
Luke witnesses the violence , of course , and must not talk about it for fear that all the Spruill's will leave before the cotton is harvested .
He watches her bathing nude in the creek , and I half-expected him to have his first sexual encounter !
Fans of John Grisham will no doubt want to read this .
A Painted House is supposedly based on some of Grisham's childhood experiences .
I found the book as entertaining but no better than the average movie shown on cable's Lifetime channel .
Here are some better titles for your summer reading list , in my humble opinion .
John Grisham , consciously or unconsciously , borrowed a little flavoring from some of these better works to spice up his cotton tale .
1 ) The Summer of '42 , Herman Raucher .
My all-time favorite book .
Makes you laugh , cry , and yearn for those bittersweet days of adolescent angst .
2 ) Tobacco Road , Erskine Caldwell .
A grotesque , yet funny , look at Southern poverty .
3 ) Of Mice and Men , John Steinbeck .
Need I say more ?
4 ) Tom Sawyer , Mark Twain .
Magical boyhood adventures , without all the cotton-picking drudgery of Grisham .
I read this one a long time ago , but there are scenes of an idyllic but unusual boyhood summer that I still recall .
Publishing a novel is a brilliant thing , and something I dream of doing one day .
But , as with any form of art , when you experience the masters ( the above 5 ) , it makes the Grishams of the world seem less spectacular .
I get the feeling from Grisham , Clark , King and others , that quantity has become more important than quality .
I'll take one Herman Raucher over ten John Grishams any day .
You won't find any lawyers or courtrooms in John Grisham's newest novel , A Painted House .
It seems the attorney-turned-publishing commodity has reached the point in his career where the annual publication of an automatically-bestselling legal thriller is , perhaps , getting a bit old-hat .
What we need here , folks , is something completely different to revive routine blood,something like , oh I dunno , a coming-of-age tale told by the seven-year-old son of an Arkansas cotton farmer ; something without legal eagles ; something with only sporadic thrills ; something to show the world that even though Grisham writes airplane-ride fiction , he secretly pines to be accepted as a serious literary author .
It's a risky move .
Even when King goes legit ( Different Seasons , Hearts in Atlantis ) , there remain shades of darkness and monsters .
So , you 've got to admire a fellow like Grisham who tosses the dice with a book like A Painted House .
Will he disappoint long-time fans expecting more Southern-fried justice ?
Will he recruit readers who would n't ordinarily pick up a paperback where the words "# 1 Bestseller " dominate half the front cover ?
Will Clancy decide to jump in the fray by writing a bodice-ripping romance ?
Only time ( and a blitz of hype from Grisham's publisher ) will tell .
So , while I can't tell you how A Painted House compares to The Brethren , I'm happy to report it 's a cotton-pickin' good read on its own merits .
It will never reach solid gold classic status like Harper Lee's To Kill a Mockingbird , but it does bring to life a time , a place and a set of characters who burn bright in your mind;at least until you turn the final page and move on to the next book waiting patiently on your bedside table .
A Painted House is the story of a single harvesting season in the autumn of 1952 when the Cardinals are trailing the Dodgers by five games ( baseball , that easy nostalgia tool of writers , figures prominently ) .
One other significant family member , Luke's Uncle Ricky , is away on the front lines of the Korean War,a constant fret-and-worry for the whole family .
They're a close , patriarchal family who enjoy the rewards of hard work followed by Sunday dinners and listening to Harry Caray announce ball games on nighttime radio .
From the start , I realized A Painted House has the down-home goodness of The Waltons and contains as many of that show's gentle pleasures .
It also has a fair share of flat-footed prose and corny sentiment .
The characters have the depth of an RC Cola bottle ( half-drunk , no less ) and they move in ways we've all seen before .
But yet , gosh durn it , I found myself getting caught up in their simple life and its many predicaments .
No single event defines the plot .
Instead , A Painted House has many rooms , a series of "life bookmarks " for young Luke .
In the space of six weeks and 400 pages , Luke witnesses two murders , a childbirth , a tornado , a flood , his first nekkid girl and his first televised baseball game .
Land sakes !
At thirty-seven , I realize I've led a pretty dull life by comparison .
Grisham does cram a lot of "coming-of-age-isms " into this young boy's life and the tone occasionally adopts a too-sophisticated veneer , but it 's all in the name of easy-to-read fiction .
Don't come expecting Great Literature on the order of that "other " Oxford , Mississippi scribe , William Faulkner , and you won't be disappointed .
On the other hand , if you're thinking this is going to be just another annual Grisham event , you might be pleasantly surprised,kind of like how you felt that moment you saw your first nekkid girl .
I could not put this book down .
I bought this book before heading out on a 2 day bus trip back to one of the states I grew up part of my life in , grand Montana !
It took 2 days to get there and I really dislike Greyhound and if it were not for the cheap ticket price I would never take it anywhere .
Well , this one did more than let me settle ... I took me by the "tie " and jerked me under !
This book was about a lawyer who worked in a firm as a litigator and was around the most defiant and high up men there were in the city .
He had it all , money , car , a beautiful wife , till one day a homeless man came and crashed it all in front of his eyes .
It goes from his high life to one of the lower society where he becomes a street lawyer after being fired from his job at the large firm .
And goes from there into a suspensful plot and great writing techniques conjure up all kinds of a perfectly attuned story .
This writer knows his business , he can take you from fear , to trust and back again in the blink of an eye .
I have never been able to stay in a book so long since the Hardy Boys , haha !
If you 're up for a good read that will have you constantly wanting more and getting it sooner or later , than heres your author and heres your book .
Go grab one from the local newstand now ...you will not be un-satisfied !
Tell em the most avid John Grisham reader in the USA told you to come , and they will know what to get you :
In any event , "Hot Six " is a delightful laugh-out-loud story of bumbling bounty hunter Stephanie Plum , who plies her trade among the common crooks in Trenton , N.J .
Even as she finds and attempts to apprehend bail jumpers , she deals with a variety of personal problems that include a spunky grandmother , a policeman/boyfriend , a mysterious man who pushes all the right buttons on Stephanie , and a large zit on her chin .
She also has very bad luck with cars .
Her first bounty-hunter case is to track down "the Mooner , " a drugged-out modern-day hippie who manages to avoid work even as he takes life's ups and downs in stride .
Mooner simply forgot to show up for his court appointment , as if he could ever remember , and peacefully goes to the police station with Stephanie .
While there , he manages to torch Stephanie's car but cheerfully offers to find her another car .
The next case is Morris Munson , who failed to appear on homicide charges .
He proves easy enough to find but much more difficult to snag , and there is much comedy as Stephanie and friend try to corner Munson .
But the most intriguing case is that of Carlos "Ranger " Manoso , who taught Stephanie her trade as a bounty hunter and who is now wanted for questioning in regard to the murder of a local mobster's son .
There is something going on that does n't smell right with this , and both Stephanie and Ranger work to gather information on the case .
Meanwhile , Grandmother Mazur moves in with Stephanie , turning Steph's sex life upside down and banishing her to the couch .
Various people , from Ranger to Munson , break into Stephanie's apartment as she attempts to sleep on the couch , keeping her tired and grumpy through the day .
Grandma Mazur wakes up only at the end of the activities , complaining that Stephanie is running a nuthouse with all these late-night visitors .
Then there is her boyfriend , Joe Morelli , a vice cop with the Trenton Police Department .
Finally , as if she did n't have enough going on , Stephanie is saddled with a large omnivorous dog named Bob , who becomes the; um , butt of many of the book's jokes .
And this book has LOTS of jokes , many of which are laugh-out-loud funny .
In fact , "Hot Six " is considerably wittier than those other fine novels and Stephanie Plum is a more sexually straightforward character than V. I. Warshawsky or Kinsey Milhone .
Stephanie is never far , in spirit , anyway , from a tumble with one of her chosen guys and she gets more eager as the possibility keeps eluding her .
And a tumble with Stephanie sounds terrific to this red-blooded guy , as she is smart , funny , human and sexy .
Since my wife and I listened to "Hot Six " as an unabridged book on tape , I looked at my wife from time to time and saw that she was enjoying the story every bit as much as I was , proving to me that Stephanie Plum's humanity and wit transcends the sexes and appeals to any lover of action/detective novels .
There is a lot of talk of sex in this book and there is a fair amount of rough language between the various characters , many of whom are criminals who probably seldom consult a dictionary .
And there is a grope or two but no actual sex .
This book would be appropriate for anyone from a mature 16-year-old on up , although many of Stephanie's problems are rooted in human nature with which a teen has little experience .
I probably should have started this series of books with an earlier title but I felt that I have n't missed anything by starting in the middle .
As it is , there are lots of memorable scenes in "Hot Six " that I still recall with a smile , including Bob ( the dog ) ; er , unloading in a car with two hitmen and Stephanie tackling a naked Morris Munson after she flushes him out of the shower .
If the other books in this series are as good as this , I'm in for a fun ride .
I'm giving this book 4.5 stars , rounded off to four in this case .
After all , it takes a truly exceptional book to make it to five stars .
Since I listened to this book as a book on tape , please forgive me if I misspell a name .
The story was exceptionally well read by C.J. Critt , and her dramatic reading brought another dimension of enjoyment to this novel .
I always used to be a loyal Grisham fan , but this book changed all that for me , and I fell I have no choice but to pan this book .
The best thing that I can say about this is that it is informative . . .
that 's it !
It does not even attempt to be captivating in any way like his previous books , which really hook you , or even interesting in the least .
You leave this book feeling as if you have just gotten out of a five hour lecture about the homeless problem in the United States .
This work has non of Grisham 's usual suspense and thrill which have always made his books a pleasure to read .
Skip it and stick to A Time to Kill , The Rainmaker , or The Runaway Jury
3 dead !
56 wounded !
Film at 11 !
Well actually , you have until Saturday Night so there 's time to run around like Sherlock Holmes on speed and solve the mystery just minutes before the news media puts your company out of business .
Not exactly Jurassic Park here !
This has to be the worst I 've ever read from Michael Crichton .
I like a story that is based on facts .
And learning a little about those facts along the way can be fun .
But we did n't need to know the level of details presented here to appreciate the dilemma the heroin was dealing with .
Which brings me to the other major problem .
I , for one , did n't really care about the dilemma .
But I did n't worry that this highly skilled woman was going to lose her job ( Oh the horror of it all ) !
Or that a Chinese ( the new " Evil Empire '? ) would steal an American wing design .
Less important but still distracting from the story is Crichton 's habit of throwing his own prejudices and political beliefs into his stories .
I 'm not a fan of today 's media with it 's 'sound bites ' and 'shock value equals ratings ' attitude .
But I think that the story here implies that every media person has a 100 % disregard for anything but his/her own personnel ego .
I find that hard to believe .
I 'm also not a fan of unions with mostly short term , selfish goals .
But still , this story would have us believe that the union would take any opportunity to seriously injure or even kill a middle aged single Mom who has nothing to do with their actual grievances , just because she is part of management .
No way Mike !
I DO like Chrichton .
It might even make a good movie since the movies tend to cut out all the technical stuff anyway .
John Grisham is one of my favorite bestselling authors , and I have read almost all his books .
This one was certainly different from the rest of them in my opinion , in both good and bad ways .
However on the positive side , this book contained a much deeper message than those other books did .
( Which probably explains why it was n't all about write-an-awesome-story-to-sell excitement . )
The story begins when a bum walks into a rich firm and holds ten attorneys - including some of the best and richest in the firm - hostage in a little room .
He has dynamo strapped to his body and is holding a gun .
He asks one lawyer to give him the facts straight of the IRS reports : how much money have each of these big-time lawyers donated to charity ?
By charity he does n't mean the local symphony or the high-up charities they give money to in order to get their name mentioned , but money given directly to the poor homeless people on the street or the soup kitchens , free clinics , homes , etc . that help them out ?
Although no harm results from this short hostage-holding-session ( except to the bum , who is shot by a sniper outside and whose brains explode all over the lawyer who was assisting him with the figures ) and it seems like the bum was just trying to make a point instead of really hurt anyone , and although the rest of the attorneys go back to their strenous trying-to-get-on-top schedule , the laywer who was asked to tell the bum the statistics is deeply touched by this episode and wants to find out more .
Although he is a rising star at Drake and Sweeney , the law firm , he gives up some of his billing hours to investigate this incident .
This decision leads him to helping at a free clinic and donating his time at a homeless shelter .
But if you are tired of that sort of thing but what something different and deeper , read The Street Lawyer .
A Painted House is not so much a novel , or even so much an attempt by John Grisham to write the Great American Novel , as it is a memory picture , a long last look at a childhood in the rural South in the 1950 's .
A Painted House is lovingly narrated by young Luke Chandler , age 7 , as he looks back across the span of years at the eventful harvest season of 1952 in Black Oak , Arkansas .
The initial problem confronted by Luke Chandler and his family is one of economics .
With the good economic times we 've had in this decade , we 've forgotten that economics is usually described as a "dismal science" , and dismal is one word that describes the fortunes of the Chandler family farm .
The situation is so simple that the seven-year-old is easily able to grasp it .
Come harvest time , all eighty acres of the cotton crop must be harvested and taken to the cotton gin .
The cotton is the lifeblood of the farm .
If it rots in the fields , if floodwaters shoud wash it away , if the cotton brokers up in the sinful city of Memphis conspire to lower prices , the Chandler family faces mounting debts .
Even if there is a bumper crop of cotton , that 'll tend to lower prices and yield less income .
The economic realities of cotton farming primarily serve to highlight the social realities of cotton farming , which the novel addresses from its first sentence .
Even with the best good will in the world , Luke and his parents and grandparents would never be able to pick 80 acres of cotton by themselves .
Work must be hired in order for the harvest to come in successfully , and in northeastern Arkansas , that means "hill people " and Mexican migrant laborers .
The South has always had a class structure , enough so that one wonders if Karl Marx was n't really born in South Carolina and was n't fooling those folks over in Europe .
( We do n't meet any African-Americans until later in the book ; Grisham claims that blacks were rare in that part of Arkansas , and I do n't have any way to know if he 's cheating . )
The Pentecostal hillbillies and the Catholic Mexicans rank towards the bottom of that structure ; Luke 's mother feels the need to remind people from time to time that the Mexicans are human beings , too .
( In case you 're wondering , the people at the very bottom of Southern class structure are Yankees , and people who root for the baseball Yankees are n't much higher on the list . )
But it would be wrong to characterize A Painted House as a story of class struggle .
The conflict between the hill people and the Mexicans is just one of a mosaic of conflicts that the novel lovingly illustrates .
Grisham shows us the divisions within the Chandler family itself ; shows us the endless quiet turf battles between Luke 's mother and grandmother over the kitchen and garden , the long twilight struggle of Luke 's grandmother against her ornery husband , and the problems left behind by Luke 's hellraising Uncle Ricky before he went off to war in Korea .
On top of those conflicts , Grisham presents the ancient divisions between town and farm , between man and weather , between boys and girls , between innocence and experience , between North and South , between the Cubs and the Cardinals .
The conflicts that Grisham creates are all fairly obvious from the start , all the more so because the characters in the novel are close to being stereotypical .
( The Claude Rains Principle applies here ; stereotypical characters in a John Grisham novel ?
I 'm shocked , shocked . )
The nice thing about A Painted House is that it presents and resolves these conflicts in such a leisurely manner .
Far from being a thriller , A Painted House moves at a slow , unhurried pace that is entirely appropriate to the subject matter .
In meteorological terms , although Grisham sets off the odd tornado here and there , the real tension builds up like slow-moving floodwaters rising in a valley .
Luke Chandler does n't have much dialogue in the novel -- in fact , most of the story involves him keeping his mouth shut -- but his descriptions of life in rural Arkansas are wonderfully detailed and insightful .
Details such as the acts at the town carnival , the Chandler patriarch 's theory on the proper speed to drive a pickup truck , the types of ice cream available at the Baptist church picnic , and a thousand other little gems are one of the reasons that the novel sparkles .
Here 's Grisham on a small , but telling subject :
My worst chore of the late afternoon was in the garden ...
It was on the east side of our home , the quiet side , away from the kitchen door and the barnyard and the chicken coop .
Away from Pappy 's pickup and the small dirt drive where the rare visitor parked .
Corn was planted around the fence so that once you closed the rickety gate with the leather latch , you stepped into a secret world hidden by the stalks .
My job was to take a straw basket and follow my mother around as she gathered whatever she deemed ripe .
She had a basket , too , and slowly filled it with tomatoes , cucumbers , squash , peppers , onions and eggplant .
She talked quietly , not necessarily to me , but to the garden in general .
" Look at the corn , would you ?
We 'll eat those next week . "
" Yes ma'am ... . "
My mother loved this little plot of soil because it was hers -- no one else really wanted it .
She treated it like a sanctuary .
When the house got crowded , I could always find her in the garden , talking to the vegetables .
I thought very highly of A Painted House , unfortunately , I am unsure that my appreciation of the novel will necessarily be shared by everyone .
The biggest attraction that A Painted House had for me was that it allowed me to draw parallels between my own childhood experience and that of the protagonist .
I did n't grow up picking cotton , thank goodness , but I did grow up poor and Southern Baptist in Mansfield , Texas .
I remember all of that , remember what it was like growing up in a trailer park , and how it felt to move into a real house of our own for the first time .
And I thought about my great-grandfather , the first Curtis Edmonds , who was born in Alabama almost 120 years ago , and who assuredly did pick cotton there , and on a dirt farm near Milford , Texas , and on another farm in Archer County .
And I thought about my little nephew , and the advantages that he has , and will have , and how alien and far away the world that Grisham describes will seem to him when he grows up .
I hope that he will read A Painted House , and think about it .
Clancy writes with a style all his own , and his mastery of modern military tactics and technology is unparalleled .
The adventures of Jack Ryan are followed by millions of readers , but this installment to the series - while it does n't completely disappoint - may leave the reader with a sense of wondering what they just read .
There are usually multiple subplots going on in the background of the main story , and they are usually brought together by some climatic ( and often catastrophic ) final event .
In " Debt of Honor , " Clancy does n't deviate from this proven formula .
" Debt of Honor , " focuses on a rising conflict with the Japanese , and it 's a problem that most likely would never happen in reality .
The book is a very long , slow read , and there is often too much dead time between the action .
Clancy has always written this way , but he usually is able to fill the dead time with political activities and insight .
In " Debt of Honor , " Clancy unfortunately focuses on a part of the government that is foreign to most people - economics and the stock market .
A good economist would probably be able to make sense of most of the eco-jargon , but the average reader will find himself wanting to skip a lot of pages .
" Debt of Honor , " is the weak link in the Jack Ryan story .
For those wanting to follow the exploits of America 's most famous fictitious CIA operative , it may be best to skip this book and read the next in the series .
But if you 're a die hard Clancy fan ( like myself ) , pick this one up and make sure your schedule is clear .
You wo n't be going anywhere for a long time
First of all let me say that I am a die hard Grisham fan and I am a Mississippian , but I have to tell you that I was very disappointed in this book to begin with .
It is very far removed from most of JG 's work and I was not prepared for it !
Farming the Delta is not an easy thing and we learn through this tale that even a good harvest can be doomed !
The passages were very descriptive and interesting for the most part .
In the story , Luke is witness to racial tension , the birth of his illegitimate cousin , the murder of a local bully ( out behind the cotton gin ) and the murder of a field hand .
There are no court room scenes as he never tells anyone but his grandfather what he has witnessed and Grandpappy deems it " their little secret . "
Life in the Delta was tough and the passages are nostalgic in the descriptions of sitting on the porch in the evening heat listening to the ball games and dreaming of being a Cardinal Baseball player one day .
Lukes mother dreams of a better life for her and her family and I hope that they got it - and I would have appreciated finding out - but the ending is rather open and leaves many questions ...like what happened to Uncle Ricky - did he make it back from the war ?
Did he give his child his name ?
Did Luke and his family find the " good life " after they moved north and did he ever get that Cardinals jacket ? ? ? ?
It is an interesting book if you can look at it with out expecting the Grisham "law and order " style .
But given the content , this is one I would have gotten at the library instead of spending the money for the hard back for my Grisham collection .
Airport books , those novels purchased in desperation by bored , cranky travelers seeking distraction from delayed planes , get a bad rap .
Oh , sure , there are plenty of trashy romances and Chicken-Soupy self-help guides on offer in airport bookstores , but on the whole , the selection is n't bad .
Finally , a friend loaned it to me , and although I'd intended it as an in-flight read for an upcoming trip , I could n't resist starting early .
So it 's something of a surprise when the police come banging down his hotel-room door .
Jacques Sauniere , a curator at the Louvre , has been shot to death in one of the museum galleries ; in his last moments , he used his own blood and a marking pen to arrange his body in a bizarre tableau , complete with a coded message .
Langdon has ostensibly been called upon in a professional capacity to help solve the mystery .
But Agent Sophie Neveu , a police cryptanalyst , reveals the truth : Sauniere's dying message included Langdon's name , and the police are about to wrongfully arrest him as the killer .
On the run from the police , Neveu and Langdon follow a trail of puzzles and clues to find the truth behind Sauniere's murder , and the knowledge he died to protect , information that reaches back through the centuries to a secret society , an artistic genius , and a priceless historical artifact .
There's also plenty of historical information , which is integrated smoothly into the prose ; remarkably , even when inserted into dialogue , the explanatory asides don't interrupt the flow .
Brown ensures that readers who are unfamiliar with religious iconography and cyphers have all the necessary information to fully enjoy the story , without leaving advanced readers feeling bored or patronized .
Even if you know all this stuff already , the author's concise recaps are interesting and , as far as I can tell , well-researched and factually accurate .
Brown 's writing is clean , precise , and detached , conveying information efficiently and minimizing its narrative presence in the story .
The character development is pretty much what you'd expect from an action-packed thriller , which is to say , minimal , unless it provides an excuse for more ass-kicking adventure .
The focus is upon the ingenious puzzles-within-puzzles that Brown has devised , rather than the characters who try to solve them ; for this type of story , that 's not a problem , although it does limit the book to entertainment rather than literature .
A fast-paced , suspenseful , and surprisingly intelligent thriller , The Da Vinci Code deserves its good reputation .
Each book has the same characters , but there are fringe characters that are in some of the books and not in others .
To begin with , Stephanie is a bounty hunter .
She was down on her luck and needed a job and went to work for a relative than owns this agency .
One of them is a Trenton vice cop , Joe Morelli .
She has known him since childhood .
The second is Ranger( not his real name ) , who is also a bounty hunter but is a man of mystery .
In Hot Six , Ranger becomes the hunted .
He is wanted for questioning and Stephanie refuses the case .
This does not mean that she wo n't become very involved .
One of my favorite characters in this book is Stephanie 's maternal grandmother .
She is not your typical grandmother .
Her favorite hobby is checking the obituaries and visiting the deceased in a particular funeral home .
She also carries a gun that she picked up at a garage sale .
Does she know how to use it ?
As if that is n't enough , Stephanie is asked to take care of a huge dog that eats everything in sight .
Stephanie 's sex life is ruined .
I chose to read Hot Six on the deck in my swing on a glorious day .
All of a sudden he was so excited and trying to get on the swing with me .
There is humor , some of it wicked on every page .
If you are offended easily by off color language or humor this book is not for you .
I ca n't wait for book # /# 7. Enjoy !
I am a long time Grisham fan .
Since the Firm , through Pelican Brief , The Rain Maker , the Chamber ( highly recommend it ) , but this is simply not his best work .
It is too predictable and political in a way .
Young attorney avoids death in a confrontation with a homeless man and eventually goes to work for " the people . "
It is necessary in the mean time for him to realize the error of his ways for having taken a big bucks career in a law firm when he was needed elsewhere .
Not to preach capitalism to you , but he might have found a way to keep his job , give monetary as well as legal assistance to the poor , and everyone is better off .
No, it is necessary to give up every financial benefit in order to cleanse your soul of the corruption incumbent upon money .
Did I mention that this is not my favorite Grisham novel ?
If you are into a preachy novel , you might just enjoy it .
Happy reading .
I must start out by saying I have never read a John Grisham novel until now ...gasp.
A novel without all the lawyer intrigue appealed to me , so I gave Grisham a shot .
He truly does know how to tell a story , but this one needed something more .
The novel takes place in the rural cotton farming country of Arkansas in the 1950 's .
Little Luke Chandler and his family struggle through another tough picking season with their hired hands .
The rest of the Chandler family includes Luke 's mother and father ( who secretly want more from life than farming ) , Luke 's pappy and grandmother ( who could never think of doing anything but farming ) and Luke 's uncle Ricky ( who is off fighting the war in Korea instead of starting trouble in his hometown ) .
Luke is a bright 7 year old boy that dreams of escaping his life on the farm to become a baseball player for the St . Louis Cardinals .
He is devastated when the new hired hill people , the Spruill 's , set up camp very rudely on his baseball diamond .
Luke 's baseball diamond is not the only thing the family ends up ruining .
A group of hard-working Mexican migrant works also moved to the farm , where one bad apple spoils their bunch .
Trouble that ends in death and destruction .
The other big point of intrigue in town revolves around a very poor share-cropping family called the Lathchers that live nearby the Chandlers .
The Latchers have a full house of shoeless hungry children that Luke 's kind mother takes food to on a regular basis since it is the " Christian thing to do . "
When the eldest Lathcher daughter , Libby , is rumored to be pregnant , the ladies in the Baptist church society put Luke 's mother up to the task of finding out if the rumor is true and who the father is .
After many trips to the Latcher shack , Luke 's mother and grandmother are asked to help deliver Libby 's baby .
The birth not only rocks the lives of the Lathcher 's but the Chandler 's as well .
The two families are forced to come together when a shocking secret is revealed .
As for the title of the book , it revolves around a rather small portion of the story and is hard to quite understand the significance of it all .
The symbolism of this act is rather hard to get to the bottom of , but makes for a cute side story and helps end the novel ...if you want to call it an ending .
I was n't left wanting more , I just felt cheated by how it all ended .
I was made to care about a few of the characters in the novel , but was not allowed to know what happened to them .
At times there is much repetition in this novel , especially when it comes to the cotton picking scenes .
I just wanted to tell Grisham that I get it already , they 're picking cotton , it 's hot and it 's hard work .
For several chapters he uses the same wording to describe different days in the field where the same things happen .
It just felt like dead space .
The intrigue that involves murder , illegitament children and strange house painting is intersting , but I never felt on the edge of my seat .
My major complaint about these aspects of the novel is that there was never any real mystery involved .
The answers were handed to me instead of me searching for them .
Instead of giving choices of who killed who or who the baby 's daddy was , they were made obvious .
I do n't like when writers hold back important information , but I felt like it did n't need to be all laid out so plainly .
Especially with reading a Grisham novel I expected more mystery and intrigue .
I just do n't believe that a 7 year old boy in rural Arkansas circa 1952 could really have some of the thoughts , feelings and actions that he did .
Yet the novel was still an enjoyable read and took me to a time and place I had never really thought about before .
The characters are well plotted out and the dialouge is written well , there are just some unbelievable moments .
It 's worth a read , though , so give it a try .
Wow . Stephen King trying to write a fantasy .
That 's like Britney Spears trying to rap , or Backstreet Boys trying to write a good song .
Basic fact of life : I do n't like the author .
I despise Stephen King , so if you love him , as in you would be offended if anything bad was said about your author , then I suggest stopping here .
I mean , he 's not even that good , and he 's got all these terrible best selling novels , I 'll just say that he struck it rich with the " thrills and chills " crowd that likes their children to read R.L. Stine .
Nothing against those folks , but I just do n't see the big deal about this guy .
He's no Ray Bradbury .
He just can't reach into different genres .
Here 's the basic rundown :
King Roland--a king that is basically like " I'll do whatever the evil wizard tells me to do . "
Typical moron in these types of novels , not very well developed in the time he is in the book , which is not really that much , but still ...he's your typical king with a death wish .
Peter--The ONLY well-developed character in the book .
I hated his guts , of course ( if he existed , I would .
Unfortunatly , he has no guts to hate , so I guess it was a bad choice of words ) .
Naturally , he's the good looking good guy that you know will always win at the end , but you just don't know how .
The first son of King Roland's , he's destined to be the Prince , but of course the exact same evil plot to stop that from happening happens , just as in any "copycat" novel .
Sigh .
Thomas the choo choo train--Okay , just Thomas .
I have to say I despised this character also .
The second son of King Roland , he's always overlooked .
Of course , with his birth , the Queen Sasha died , so the first thought is that he is the bad guy .
That's partially true , actually .
Anyway , his tragic birth was made possible in part by the evil wizard , Flagg , giving Roland an overdose of crack .
Green vodka .
I don't know , but it 's probably illegal in all forty nine states .
California is going to fall off and sink into the ocean , so I'll count them off now ) .
Your typical , demon wizard set to take over the world .
Dennis the menace--also known as "Dennis the Butler" .
Unless you would rather me spoil the ending ?
A fat little king named King Roland was not a bad , dictator king , but a good hearted king .
A good heart , we soon learn , does not help you much in life when you are trying to be the oh-so powerful king of this little land .
His main advisor , whispering his every move into his ear , is a black cloaked wizard named Flagg who is sooo unsuspectable when he gives King Roland this green gunk and we later find out his wife's been killed by it .
What an unpredictable plot .
Anyway , after deciding Thomas looked sexier than Peter , he decided to frame Peter for killing daddy .
He shows Thomas an eyehole , where you can peek through the eyes of a dead dragon's head , through the wall , to spy on dada .
Anyway , after King Roland flashing the dragon while Thomas is looking through the eyehole , Thomas decides to go back (you horny man , you ) .
Anyway , he sees Fragg giving Roland an evil drink , and Fragg devises a clever( ? ) plot...poison Roland and poison a rat with the same stuff ( it makes smoke come out of your ears and it makes your body suddenly go up in a green fire , maybe you 've heard of it .
I heard listening to the Backstreet Boys may cause it ) .
Anyway , put the dead rat in Peter's room behind a bookshelf , and let Dennis find it .
Typical , typical , typical .
I do not like this plot .
Do you ?
Getting bored yet ?
The Author's Writing Skills
Let's just say that if you are looking for a corny piece of writing that would have gotten a "C" in sixth grade English class ...then I highly recommend this book .
I have nothing against King , I just think he should n't be selling these vulnerable pieces of cr@p that won't matter in three months , while these great writers never get their fair share of the pie .
It's always like that is n't it ?
Even on Epinions , sometimes it 's one of the worst reviews ever ...and it 's on the top of the list because
a)People don't care
b)( S)he got easy raters
c )he got highly recommended by an advisor , or
d )he is an advisor .
Now , I'm not giving out names , but I will say that I have read advisor opinions that aren't worth cleaning the toilet with .
That's life , and as much as I hate it , it 's got to happen .
How come the game Final Fantasy VIII sold millions of copies when it 's the most boring game I've ever played , and Monster Rancher 2 pretty much barely made it past the price they paid to make it and it 's a wonderful game ?
How come Mystery Men basically bombed , when the terrible movie Scream 3 was a big hit ?
It's just an unfair world out there is n't it , Charlie ?
He's got nothing , and yet every other book becomes a movie .
It's not justice .
Just pass on this one .
I'm not sure if you liked Pet Cemetary or whatever , but just pass on this shallow plot , and go get The Doomsday Book by Connie Willis for a much better plot and writing talent
I have just finished skimming a few of the other reviews for this novel by others who have read it .
No offence to those who enjoyed this pathetic novel , but Dean Koontz is by far the worst horror novelist I have read in a very long time .
In fact , he is so bad that I think his work should be removed from the shelf .
He develops an intriguing character .
Manages to pull off some plausible dialogue .
Develops somewhat of a plot , I suppose , if you can even call it that .
If after reading this much of my opinion piece , you still want to read the novel , here is the plot .
The main character is Tommy Phan .
He is a Vietnamese-American , but seems to have lost adhesiveness towards his native origin .
His mother , on the other hand , is completely reverent to Vietnamese culture and customs .
So here is where the plot " thickens " .
Tommy goes home to find an absurd little minikin on his front doorsteps .
Soon after he brings the thing in , it turns into a creature of some sort , slowly getting bigger , and more repulsive in appearance .
Eventually , he flees , and bumps into a blonde waitress , Del Payne , who had served him earlier .
The minikin , which has now transformed into a monster with tentacles ( sounds like something that came out of a cartoon ..."oooh scary " ) begins chasing them all over town .
Meanwhile , we get to know Del .
We find out that she is rich beyond anything Tommy can even being to fathom .
She starts blowing up her boat throughout the chase , and totalling her cars , while being indifferent each time to the messes .
And I 'm sitting here the whole time wondering " What on earth is going on ?
Why am I reading this crap ? "
And did I mention that the whole story takes place within the frame of ONE NIGHT !
Dean Koontz must be the master...the master of overwriting .
It takes him forever to get through just one scene in the book , as if he 's describing every unimportant minute .
Only one word for Koontz : BORING ! ! !
That 's not the end either .
He writes about 300 pages before about the final 30 or so , where he introduces a new character ...a new character who is behind all of this chaos .
HELLO DEAN? ? Could n't you find a more suitable ending ?
The author did not prepare the readers for this whatsoever , and it 's as if he did n't know how to end it , and so he just stuck in whatever .
Then Del and Tommy run off and get married , after only having known each other for a few hours .
So there you have it folks .
I just told you the whole story in a few paragraphs , and now you do n't have to read it .
Believe me , I just did you a favor by saving you time .
Grisham was a master of courtroom drama .
For some reason , probably due to publisher deadlines , I have n't been as thrilled with Grisham's latest works .
This February , A Painted House was set to be released .
Much to my dismay , I hear it is not a legal thriller , but rather a fictionalized childhood memoir .
Of course , hearing it is not a usual Grisham does n't stop me from getting my own copy .
I have no problem with Grisham trying to branch out into other genres .
Just because he is a great legal thriller author , does n't mean he can't try to be great at something else .
As soon as I get my copy from the Literary Guild , it is opened and I begin to read .
I have to admit , I was not expecting such a wonderful change of pace from the usual Grisham-style .
Luke is the narrator of the story , so you see everything through a child's eyes .
The story is set back in 1952 in Arkansas .
There is a cotton crop to be picked and Luke's family hires "hill people " and Mexicans to come to their farm and pick the cotton along with the Chandler family .
The Spruills ( the "hill people " hired by the Chandlers ) and the Mexicans bring excitement and controversy to the Chandler farm for young Luke .
Hank Spruill is a large fellow and with him knowing this , he is able to get himself into some trouble .
The local sheriff wants him on a murder charge for killing a local troublemaker in a fight .
However , the sheriff is willing to let him stay on the Chandler farm until the cotton is picked to help the Chandlers out during the "pickin' season" .
Luke is terrified of the large Hank Spruill .
On the other hand , Hank's sister , Tally , a seventeen-year-old girl , has Luke's eye .
To Luke ten years in age difference is nothing .
Tally could love him .
Tally gives Luke the thrill of a seven-year-old's life .
Course , I am not going to tell you what it is;but , I have to admit I was laughing during this segment of the book .
Cowboy and Hank are rivals and neither one thinks the other can take him on .
Luke sees all the problems on the farm among the people .
He is a highly intelligent seven-year-old , in my opinion .
Course , since I know nothing of 1952 , maybe kids were smarter then .
Luke Chandler seems to understand just about everything the adults say around him .
Nothing seems to get past young Luke .
Luke loves baseball and would love to spend his cotton earnings on a new Cardinals jacket from the Sears catalog .
He would be the envy of every kid in the town of Black Oak , even surrounding towns for that matter .
In fact , Luke's dream is to leave the farm ( as his mother wishes ) and play for the St . Louis Cardinals when he gets older .
Overall , the book mainly concentrates on the problems around the farm with the cotton crop .
It seems that everything , and I mean everything , surrounds the picking of the cotton this season .
The women just try to get along and make it through and listen the men complain all the time .
Basically , it all borders down to money .
There has to be some mystery to the novel before you start reading it , otherwise what would be the point ?
For example , the title of the book itself , I cannot explain to you .
It is an important aspect of the story that you need to discover for yourself .
My viewpoint on this novel : I feel that overall the book was a wonderful change of pace for Grisham .
Personally , I have been disappointed a little more each time I read his new releases .
My problem is that I compare every one of his novels with his first release , A Time To Kill .
The biggest disappointment would have to be the end of the novel .
Personally , I feel that Grisham may have done this for a sequel maybe at some point in time .
Who knows ?
This is just my opinion .
If you are looking for a nice change of pace , pick up A Painted House and enjoy .
Have you ever distractedly picked up a paperback at random at a railway station or an airport with the intention of idling away some hours with reading not even certain that you will finish the book ?
This was my introduction to John Case's first novel .
혩The priest 's musing was interrupted by a familiar noise from the other side of the partition--the sound of a curtain pushed aside , followed by the grunt of an old man sinking to his knees .
Father Azetti composed himself and opened the grille with a brush of his hand .
" Bless me , Father , for I have sinned . .
. "
And then he began to elaborate , so that there could be no mistake about what was being said .
What the man had done--what he 'd committed--was the most spectacular sin imaginable , a sin so deep and terminal that heaven itself might never recover from it .
Was it even possible ?
혩 , CHAPTER 1
So begins 혩The Genesis Code' .
It is a fast paced , edge of the seat thriller .
I was very close to the final chapters before I realised the full magnitude of the scenario that was being presented to me .
There are a few 혩holes ' in the plot ( why does n't the baddy just shoot the goody in stead of talking at him and then letting him escape ? ) but these seem irrelevant as the roller coaster ride across two continents charges along .
The hero , Joe Lassiter , is the head of an investigative agency .
When his sister and nephew die in a house blaze he joins the investigation .
John Case is the pseudonym for an investigative journalist .
Much of the background content has been explored in meticulous detail .
I would not wish to give away anymore of the plot but regardless of your beliefs , convictions and persuasions , this is one book that will challenge them all .
I completed the story six months ago and I too still wonder ;
This is the best book I have read for many a year .
Compared to the work of more competent practitioners of the art of the globe-hopping action/adventure/mystery novel - Michael Crichton comes to mind , "The Da Vinci Code " is pedestrian and overwrought .
To summarize the sprawling , byzantine plot : warning - possible spoilers ahead - an elderly Louvre curator is murdered in the museum .
Although shot in the chest , he manages to disrobe and surround himself with cryptographic clues - written in blood AND invisible ink ( ! ) - to the reason for his death .
His estranged granddaughter , who , coincidentally is a police inspector ( ! ! ) AND a cryptologist ( ! ! ! ) , enlists the aid of a visiting Harvard professor and symbologist ( ! ! ! ! ) in unraveling the multiple mysteries of :
1 . Her grandfather 's death
2. His role in an ancient , secret society
3. The TRUTH ( ! ! ! ! ! ) about the foundations of Christianity and the perfidy of Rome ( ! ! ! ! ! ! )
Although prolix , author and former schoolmaster Dan Brown fails to create adequate descriptions of people ( " a forty-something academic" ) , or places ( a chapel "engraved with a mind-boggling array of symbols ... ) , or objects ( "gossamer gowns " and "golden orbs " ) .
After 450 some pages , the reader still has gotten few clues about matters so basic as the physical appearance of the principal characters - other than hair and eye color !
Descriptions of places - the Louvre , Westminster Abbey - are lifeless , and read as if plagiarized from a do-it-yourself walking tour guide by one of the less gifted of the author 's former prep school students :
" London 's ancient Temple Church was constructed entirely of Caen stone .
A dramatic , circular edifice with a daunting facade , a central turret , and a protruding nave off one side , the church looked more like a military stronghold than a place of worship .
Consecrated on the tenth of February in 1185 by Heraclius , Patriarch of Jerusalem , the Temple Church survived eight centuries of political turmoil , the Great Fire of London , and the First World War , only to be heavily damaged by Luftwaffe incendiary bombs in 1940 .
After the war it was restored to its original , stark grandeur . "
Got it ?
February 10th , 1185 ; Heraclius ; turmoil ; fire ; war ; Luftwaffe ; bombs ;1940 .
These are factoids , NOT descriptive passages !
What color is Caen stone ?
Are there windows ?
Stained glass ?
The smell of incense or centuries of candle wax ?
Pigeons in the rafters ?
Bats in the belfry ?
Brown is n't about to tell us !
As to plot and character development - given the near absence of any meaningful interior monologues - characters blather at each other for page after page in stilted and unnatural prose .
Langdon , the symbologist , speaks :
" '...Every stone archway requires a central , wedge-shaped stone at the top which locks the pieces together and carries all the weight .
This stone is , in an architectural sense , the key to the vault .
Langdon watched her eyes for any spark of recognition . "
( Perhaps they had understandably glazed over . )
Unfortunately , isolated examples ca n't create the mind-numbing effect of page after page of this tedious bloviating .
The success of the book must be attributed to the publisher 's ( Doubleday ) unprecedented marketing effort .
According to the New York Times , Doubleday distributed 10,000 advance copies of the book to booksellers and the media , and put Mr. Brown - who had never before sold more than a few thousand copies of his earlier efforts - on extended publicity road trips to trade shows and booksellers .
If you 're looking for an intellectually challenging mystery story , read or reread Eco 's " The Name of the Rose" , or " Foucault 's Pendulum" .
For more vivid descriptions of people and places and events in an atmosphere of mystery , read Crichton , or Ian Fleming - or even Tom Clancy !
For an example of how marketing hype can overcome critical judgment and influence popular taste , read " The Da Vinci Code" .
My first epinion since the passing of Epinions great ... Hard aka Mark , and since the terrorist attacks on September 11th .
Ready ? ? ?
Thanksgiving dinner , my older sister Colleen tells me the new James Patterson book featuring my beloved Dr. Detective Alex Cross came out Tuesday .
I had no idea ! ! !
I bought a few gifts , and one for myself , which kinda seems selfish , it being the season of GIVING ! .
Yes , I sooo wanted to read " Violets are Blue , but it 's really NOT just for me , both of my sisters want to read it too !
Therefore , it 's not selfish , because it was n't JUST for me ...but the three of us : )
...and on to the review ....
Violets are Blue , the James Patterson novel is like many of his others starring the infamous Alex Cross .
Many previous characters from prior books show up again .
---woohooo Flyers just scored---- oops , sorry , I 'm watching tv.--
This time around , the dead are hung upside down , drained of most of their blood , bitten , and bitten , and bitten again .
People are dying , all over from these killers .
The case takes Alex to California where he meets San Fransisco Inspector Jamilla Hughs , where he learns of the Vampire theory , where he researches , and talks to so called REAL Vampires .
Alex is of course skeptical , I mean , come on , VAMPIRES ? ? ? ? Patterson does n't expect you to believe in Vampires , but you will believe in those that want to be vampires , and live their lives impersonating the dark , fanged , murderous creatures .
As if trying to find the killers of these brutal blood draining attacks were n't enough , Alex is being stalked , via cell phone by a man that calls himself the MASTERMIND.
The Mastermind threatens Alex , and his family ( his grandmother "nana-mamma" , his three children , Damon , Jannie , and lil Alex ) , and everyone he loves .
The Mastermind taunts him , and he is always One Step Ahead .
When you first open the book , reading the Prologue , it grips you , right then , right there , so early on , you have no choice but to read , quickly , with anticipation , knowing in your heart that Alex has to be triumphant ! , does n't he ?
I was trying to find clues , in the text I was reading , the scenes I created in my head from the words Patterson wrote , I too was a detective , a profiler , a psychologist , a puzzle solver of sorts .
Who is the Mastermind ?
Where are the bloodsucking killers , how do I stop them .
As with Patterson 's previous books , there is n't any graphic sex , or much foul language .
It may not even be something the normal person would even pick up .
Patterson 's gift to the public ,his fans , us readers , is his consistent , mind boggling , adrenaline pumping , realistic novels of the chase of a madman , or madmen , blood , murders , cases to be solved .
-Note- If you have never read a Patterson book featuring Doctor Detective Alex Cross , but have seen one or both of the movies , " Kiss the Girls " , and/or " Along Came a Spider " .
Because as you and I know 99 % of the time the movies are never as good as the books that they are adapted from .
READ IT , READ IT , READ IT , READ IT , READ IT , READ IT...(annoying , are n't I? ) : )
PEACE
I 've read most of the books written by Mary Higgins Clark and have enjoyed them .
That does n't mean I did n't enjoy it , I just felt her other novels were much more exciting and interesting .
I read the back cover of the book and expected something completely different than the story before me .
The synopsis indicated that Nell MacDermott had lost her husband , Adam , when a bomb blew up his boat .
She had so many unanswered questions .
When a woman approached her with psychic powers claiming to have contacted Adam in the after-life , Nell agrees to try to get the answers through this medium .
This was n't the story line at all - there was a hint at the paranormal and psychic abilities , but only a hint .
Maybe Clark 's publicist was trying to draw in those interested in the paranormal .
The story was more based on Nell trying to clear Adam 's name when bid rigging and construction scams are investigated by law enforcement agencies and her husband 's name seems to be at the center of it all .
Oh and did I mention that Nell 's grandfather ( who raised her ) is a retired congressman who wants his granddaughter to follow in his political footsteps ?
With the black cloud hanging over her dead husband , Nell 's political future is very uncertain .
Nell goes on her on sleuthing expedition to try to get answers and ends up getting more than she bargained for and it 's a race against the clock to save her .
The characters are not very well described , but only vaguely outlined .
That 's probably the biggest detriment to the book - there were so many support characters that could have made for some fantastic subplots and the opportunities were wasted .
For example , Nell 's Great Aunt Gert could have an entire book devoted to her whimsical character .
She 's fun , eclectic and loves to explore the supernatural ( did n't Mary Higgins Clark write an entire book for another support character with the same fun characteristics ?
Maybe the future will hold a book on Great Aunt Gert , which should be fun to read .
Before I Say Goodbye is an average book , but definitely not on the top of Mary Higgins Clark 's list of great books .
Before I Say Goodbye leaves you wanting more - more character description , more in-depth plot , more subplots , more everything !
I'm a huge Stephen King fan , so when he came out with Eyes of The Dragon , I was ecstatic with happiness .
Eyes of the Dragon , first off , is not a horror book like SK is known for , it 's a fairy tale/science fiction/fantasy book that is more into wizards and heroes than monsters and blood .
In Eyes of the Dragon , SK proves again ( as he does in all of his books ) that he is at the top of his game still at his old age .
For example , he jumped from horror ( Carrie ) to romance/drama ( Dolores Claiborne ) to fantasy ( The Dark Tower ) and did it well without controversy .
THE STORY
When King Roland dies , his kingdom is in turmoil because one of his sons , Peter , is framed for murdering him while his other son , Thomas , takes the throne knowing that his brother is innocent and that the wizard , Flagg , killed his father , but he does n't care because his father did n't love him anyway so his father deserved his death .
Will Peter become King like he rightfully should ?
Will Flagg get his deserved punishment ?
Will Thomas apologize to his father's grave and to his imprisoned brother ?
FIND OUT AND BUY THE BOOK
The book itself moves rather fast without leaving the reader in the dust about the character 's past .
Usually in King's books , he writes slowly and boringly so that all it does is get me NOT interested in one of his books ( for example , "IT" was sort of like that and so was "Insomnia" FOR ME) , but in a couple books , he writes them really well and makes me interested his characters ( for example , "Bag of Bones" , "Misery" , "'Salem's Lot" , and "Pet Sematary" ) .
It spent about 20 pages setting up the ending and then it took about three pages to pull it off and it was awfully unfinished and fast .
It sucked because you dedicated 380 pages to all of the characters and then the ending just sucks .
MAN !
One of the coolest parts about this book is the artwork every couple of chapters .
The chapters aren't really long like most of Kings ' books ( which is a good thing for readers on the go ) , but the artwork is amazing .
I only artist I really like is H.R. Giger , but I'm really giving David Palladini , because his sense of textures and shading is pretty amazing and his art catches the visual side of the reader and is really enthralling .
Overall , his character development is good , but I did n't really get to know Flagg as much as I wanted to , so it sort of sucks because I sort of wanted to know his past , what his childhood was like .
It was sort of disappointing to get to the end of the book and not know all of the characters as much as you wanted , but it 's no biggie .
JiggyJay
Well , "The Street Lawyer " disappointed me .
The novel evolves around Michael Brock , a workhaholic attorney and rising star at the prestigious law firm of Sweeney and Drake , whose life was forever changed when a homeless man took him and a couple other lawyers hostage at the office .
The intruder was shot dead but the incident led Brock to major soul searching after which he decided to leave his promising career to become a public interest attorney .
Along the way , Brock discovered that his firm was involved in the wrongful eviction of the intruder and he vowed to learn the truth .
Unlike many of his other novels , Grisham failed to create any suspense .
There were no twists in the plot to hook a reader - by the middle of the book , the reader already knew what the ending was going to be like and there were no surprises as to how Michael Block got there .
Exciting ?
Not really .
Part of the problem may have been due to Grisham's overeagerness to educate the readers about the plight of the homeless .
While this is no question a noble cause , it was a significant detraction to the development of the story .
The subplots about the homeless characters Block encountered ended up overwhelming the main storyline .
I also found Block 's transformation from a money-hungry associate striving to make partner in a large firm to an idealistic lawyer hoping to change the world a bit forced and somewhat unconvincing .
If you are a Grisham fan , by all means read "The Street Lawyer" .
But prepare to be disappointed .
Mr. John should definitely return to writing about dealings with shyster lawyers , big money , crooked cops , righteous do-gooders , bad folks and such .
I have read all his books and found them fascinating , interesting , engrossing and makes me hate to put the book down .
And they made even better movies .
Mr. Grisham does capture the essence of a hot , sweltering life picking cotton , and the slow easy living in the 50 's in a small southern town .
It 's no Little House on the Prairie !
Luke , the narrator , gives me the feeling he is 7 going on 22 .
Of course , that 's probably because the diction of these hard working , poorly educated sodbusters is not written so as to be really " twangy " .
A child of 7 would think in those terms ?
There 's Pappy and Gran , my mother , and my father .
Everything is sort of " touched upon " .
There 's no feeling of being real about these people .
Except , of course , for the female interest that show 's up in the person of Tally , a seventeen year old beauty ( a member of the Hill people 's group ) .
Now how much can develop between a 7 year old boy and 17 year old girl .
Fortunately , not much .
I have struggled to page 187 ( out of 292 ) and may save this book for next winter .
Or next summer at the lake when there is ABSOLUTELY NOTHING to do .
Yesterday , I went to the library ( getting smart in my old age ! ! ) and signed out " Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire " .
I think I 'd better check it out before buying it .
Now that 's another story ! ! Pardon the pun .
In fact , I read them just because I had them on the headboard of the bed .
Those reviews are next ! ! !
People find books every day that they 'll invariably describe to friends as " something I ca n't put down " .
My mother has a love for both the murder-mystery and Science-fiction genres , and when she handed me a worn copy of The Genesis Code by John Case I read the back of it with mild interest .
Things came up , other books seemed more interesting , and now a year-and-a-half later I 've just finished reading it - and it was something I could n't put down .
The story seems simple enough from the beginning - a priest in a small Italian town takes a ghastly confession from a local doctor .
Upon hearing the confession he drops everything , closes up his church and high-tails it for the Vatican to relate this unholy confession to his 'superiors ' .
Fast forward , and skip across 'the pond ' to Washington D.C. where Kathy Lassiter and her son Brandon are brutally murdered - then ritually burned .
The murderer ( an Italian gentleman ) is burned badly from the fire and is taken into custody .
Mostly he just wants to get to the bottom of who - and why - someone would murder his innocent sister and her little boy .
He puts to use all his contacts ( and an endless pool of monetary resources ) ranging from upper level government officials , local detectives , Swiss bank presidents , etc . to get to the bottom of the mystery .
But why ?
And with the killer of Kathy and Brandon still in a hospital , by whom ?
The reader is aware that somehow this all ties back into both the Catholic Church , the priest and the doctor from the beginning of the novel .
However , he/she wo n't figure out all of the intricacies of the mystery until the last couple of pages - when the book comes to an incredible and fiery conclusion .
It 's a credit to Case that he can turn his readers ' opinions around in such a short time .
Joe had me talking aloud , and scrunching my mouth from side to side whenever he was in danger , or about to make a stupid decision .
Case 's style is splendid .
The characters were all stuffy politicians and members of the military .
Perhaps its because he too knows what he 's talking about .
The mini-bio found in the insert tells the reader that " John Case is the pseudonym of an award-winning investigative reporter and the author of two non-fiction books about the U.S. Intelligence community ; he is the proprietor of a company that specializes in international investigations for law firms and labor unions ; "
Case is descriptive , but in a humanistic manner .
A representative snippet from the first quarter of the novel is a good example : " As he waited , listening to the phone ring in Rome , he watched the sun slide into the Mediterranean like a woman entering her bath , gently breaking the surface of the water and , ever so slowly , disappearing beneath it " .
It 's one of those stories that you will not soon forget .
If you 're looking for a book that you can immerse yourself in this is the one .
Check out John Case , and I promise you wo n't be disappointed .
The police question Langdon pretending to need his expertise but really hoping to catch him in a lie .
In jumps Sophie Neveu , a police code breaker who warns Langdon of his danger and forces him into an escape from the museum .
Turns out , Sophie is the murdered curator's granddaughter .
She knows Langdon is innocent and needs his help to crack the messages left to her by her grandfather .
What follows is a bizarre romp through Paris and England as the unlikely pair elude the police , a vicious albino monk , and the true puppet-master who orchestrated it all .
The Da Vinci Code is a classic thriller with an intellectual bent .
Fact and fiction are woven into such a tight pattern of conspiracy that it becomes difficult to see where one ends and the other begins .
It had me running to my art books with some astonishment , and the history generally rang true .
The first chapter is immediately engrossing and hooks the reader from the very first sentence .
The rest of the story fails somewhat to live up to the potential offered in that first chapter .
The plot follows a rather traditional pattern in the modern thriller , and though it has been done again and again ( if you are around writers for any length of time you will discover that there are no original plots ) , the perspective offered in the tale is fresh enough to be thoroughly enjoyable .
There are good reasons this novel is on the bestseller list .
There are a few things that detracted from this story .
The first was Brown 's over-reliance on two constructs of the fiction writer .
When he needed to get across a lot of background information ( and there is an enormous amount of it ) , he did one of two things .
He either had Langdon flashback to a lecture he gave in a class somewhere (yawn ) or he had two or more characters discuss the issue to death .
It is about as thrilling as watching paint dry .
The other thing that was a disappointment was when the author withheld information from the reader .
He kept that from us until near the end .
The characters also needed some help .
With the exception of the albino monk and the police chief , the characters were too good for their own good , and failed to react in a believable manner to the situation .
No one had a nervous breakdown , no tempers flared .
I am looking forward to more from Dan Brown .
Enjoy .
Noah Calhoun is a wonderfully romantic poet who is now in his 90s and living in a creekside nursing home in New Bern , North Carolina .
At 90 years old , Noah is still full of the wit and wisdom that comes from having lived a full life with the only woman he had ever loved , and the four children they raised together .
Noah has survived being shot at in the war , the loss of his beloved wife via Alzheimers , and even two strokes of his own .
Still at 90 , Noah puts one foot in front of the other and shuffles on .
Too bad , author Nicholas Sparks novel " The Wedding " is n't a story about Noah Calhoun at all .
Nicholas Sparks is a popular romance author whose novels are frequently made into movies , which explains why they are constantly on the bestseller lists .
I just wish somebody could fix the flaws in the novels before they are even published , sparing the readers many pages of agony .
I 've read everything he 's done , and his latest , " The Wedding " is definitely his worst .
" THE NOTEBOOK " : " The Wedding " is a sequal to " The Notebook , " and " Notebook " was the first novel ever written by author Nicholas Sparks .
" NOTEBOOK " VS " WEDDING" : None of that innovation is evident in " The Wedding " as there are no new letters to be revealed , Noah is only ten years older (90 ) than he was in the " Notebook , " and the " Wedding " simply fills in ( the operative word being "filler " ) the period of time when Noah and Allie were raising their four children .
The " Wedding " does n't even manage this very well , as Noah and Allie 's child-rearing is glossed over in favor of focusing on the lives of 90-year-old Noah 's married daughter .
" WILSON AND JANE LEWIS" : The first-person narrator of " The Wedding " is the son-in-law ( Wilson ) of Noah 's daughter Jane .
? ? ? ? ? ? Talk about indirect .
The " Notebook " was about Noah .
Noah is the one with a love of poetry and nature who loved only one woman ( Allie ) throughout all his life .
Noah is 90-years old .
Who gets to hear the private thoughts of a 90-year-old ?
But no no no .
The reader is left with the quite-boring blather of Noah 's 50-something son-in-law , " Wilson . "
Then again , there 's really nothing to tell , and no particular urgency in the plot .
Noah 's son-in-law ( Wilson and Jane ) are n't as romantic as they would like , and Wilson plans a big ceremony to renew their vows .
And , that 's it .
Again , our Author does n't give the 90-year-old Noah a voice , as was the case in " Notebook . "
And the reader is left to listen to the dull ruminations of son-in-law Wilson Lewis .
MISSED OPPORTUNITY : Before Wilson married Jane , Wilson was an atheist .
Of course Jane , whose parents were the deeply spiritual and romantic Noah and Allie , is highly religious .
Nicholas Sparks writes that shortly after Wilson married Jane , Wilson accepted Jesus Christ .
Yes , author Nicholas Sparks writes this .
Ok , I the reader am thinking , now this could get interesting .
But , no no no .
Right when the reader 's interest is piqued , author Nicholas Spark 's cuts it off by having first-person narrator ( Wilson ) refusing to say anything more about his conversion other than immediately after marrying Jane , he converted to Christianity .
End of story , according to author Nicholas Sparks .
You do n't open up that can of worms without delving into it further .
Exactly how did Wilson 's conversion take place ?
Would Wilson have converted had he not married Jane ?
Do n't count on Nicholas Sparks , or narrator Wilson Lewis to answer these questions .
FIRST PERSON NARRATION : Thing is , most first-person narrators in all of literature are hardly shy in the end .
And one of the tenets of Christianity is to tell a friend and not keep it to one 's self .
But that 's only part of what makes " Wilson " a horrible narrator .
One of the greatest first-person narrations of any modern novel is in 2003 's " All He Ever Wanted " by author Anita Shreve .
Author , Anita Shreve makes her first-person narrator extremely insightful and artfully revealing through varied vernacular and wordplay .
THE ROMANCE GENRE : This is why romance author Anita Shreve writes rings around author Nicholas Sparks .
Romance authors like Anita Shreve ( " All He Ever Wanted " ) and Barbara Delinsky ( "Flirting with Pete " ) are at the top of their game because they have somehow transcended the genre and would probably scoff at even being labeled "romance " to begin with .
Delinsky 's romances have "bite " with snappy dialogue and feisty-offbeat characters .
Anita Shreve 's novels have such flowing language and bizarre plots/characters , that they come off as literary classics much of the time .
And , this is what I , as an avid romance reader , expect from my romances : an author so creative that he/she advances , and goes beyond the genre , such that I do n't even realize that it is , in fact , romance I am reading .
---Or at least a good Harlequin or Danielle Steel , which , I 'm sorry to say , would both be far better than " The Wedding . "
It is , without a doubt , the best book I have read in at least two years , and DEFINITELY the best book out right now .
The novel focuses on Langdon , a Harvard Symbology professor , who has traveled to France in order to receive an award or attend a conference or something ( I honestly do n't remember what brought him to France ) .
He called on by the French police in order to give his opinion on a recent murder .
The murdered also happens to be a curator for the Louvre Museum in Paris , and he also happens to be a man that Langdon was scheduled to meet with .
The reason behind this scheduled meeting is one of the many mysteries to be revealed as you read through the book .
I do n't want to give much of it away , because the book is written in several "phases . "
The murdered man leaves behind a puzzling code , and as the reader you really find yourself pondering the code .
Once you figure out one code , suddenly you 're thrown into another phase of the book , still puzzled with the mysterious happenings that you are reading about .
This book is wonderfully written and is so obviously well researched that I found myself amazed at the small details .
They say to write what you know , and Dan Brown 's knowledge of the early church , art and history really shines through in this tale .
It sparks a lot of thought , and is such a good conversation piece ...especially for those of us who have a lot of interest in the history of the Church and its controversies .
Although the book was engaging and an overall fast read , there were a few minor " complaints " on my part .
Many of you will feel as if the writer is underestimating his audience , in that some clues are so very obvious to the reader , you ca n't help but want to smack the main characters aside the head to give them a clue .
Many times I found myself thinking something , and then putting it aside because it seemed bit too obvious , or even far fetched at times , then a character will pipe up with the same idea and suddenly it all clicks into place .
Also , I do n't recommend this book if you are looking for a novel with a lot of character development , the bulk of this book is spent on explaining events in history , theories , and describing controversial opinions on many areas ...there is n't a lot of character development .
In that sense , you do n't feel as if you "know " Robert Langdon by the end of the novel .
I also felt there was sort of a minor problem with an underdeveloped sub-plot ( I wo n't give it away , but we know what sub-plots usually involve ) .
Other than that , the book is definitely a must read , and I would recommend it to anyone who does n't have a problem reading about the controversial issues regarding the truth of the Church .
If you have n't read about non-traditional Church history already , the book may actually be a slap in the face .
Dean Koontz is one of my favorite horror/sci fi writers .
In the past , his books have been very easy to read and the stories believable enough to fall in love with the book .
I was given The House of Thunder as a gift and eagerly began reading over a rainy weekend .
Even though , the book jacket says that is was written by Dean Koontz , this book seemed to lack Dean 's usual flair .
The Beginning
She has been in a coma for so long that she does not remember her name , her job , or what caused her to be in the hospital in the first place .
With the dr 's help , Susan begins remembering bits and pieces about her past .
She does not remember the car accident that has placed her in the hospital , though .
Although Susan can not remember important details like what her job was like , or the sound of her boss 's voice , she does remember one important fact that carries through the whole book .
Susan remembers the fraternity brothers who were responsible for her fiance 's hazing death-and their revengeful plan to get her back .Susan was a key witness in getting one of the brothers sent to prison .
The Middle
In the middle section of the book , Susan begins to believe that two of the frat brothers are trying to kill her .
She sees two orderlies who look and act like the frat boys .
She tries to convince the Dr. , that the orderlies are trying to kill her , after some questioning of the orderlies , it is stated that they are not trying to kill her .
Susan becomes extremely afraid of the orderlies due to thier unique likeness to the frat boys and the malicious pinches , etc that they give her .
At this time , the dr and nurse believe that Susan is having a mental setback because she appears to be schizophrenic in her 'unjust ' fear of these two orderlies .
The Ending
The hospital and town where she is at does not exist , it is in fact just a storage facility that has been created to resemble an hospital/town .
If Dean had continued with the same storyline that was introduced in the beginning and the middle , the book would have been much easier to read and believe .
I am glad this book was a gift , because I would have been disappointed if I had purchased it
Things get moving right away , with everything happening to poor Stephanie .
But , I found myself laughing out loud many times while reading this book .
Stephanie has some problems that have cropped up over and over in all the books in this series :
Both men seem interested in her , and she's not too sure what to do about it .
The only car Stephanie can seem to keep undamaged is Big Blue , the big old boat of a car that her grandmother lets her drive when she is out of a vehicle .
But this time , her boss wants her to go after Ranger .
No dummy , Stephanie absolutely refuses , even though that means her archenemy Joyce will get the job instead .
Stephanie has a whole new set of problems now .
First , Joyce is convinced that by following Stephanie , she will find Ranger .
Everywhere she goes , these men are following her .
She comes up with some interesting methods of ditching her followers .
One of the skips she is sent to bring in keeps trying to kill her .
( By the way way , that 's the naked guy with the plastic bag on his foot .
Stephanie also winds up with two unwanted and uninvited roommates : Grandma Mazur and a dog named Bob .
Grandma is one of my favorite characters .
She is a little old lady who just wants to have fun .
She's also on the lookout for a new boyfriend .
She can't get a good night's sleep , because either Grandma is snoring or somebody is breaking into her house and waking her up .
And , of course , she just has to find at least one dead person , and be attacked at least a few times to keep things moving .
He keeps popping in and out of her life , and is a total stoner , dude .
He shows up in the middle of the night to drop something off , having picked the lock so he would n't disturb her .
Dougie the Dealer is another new friend she inherits through Mooner .
He helps Stephanie a bit in this book , and even sells her grandma a red Corvette .
If it 's not one thing , it 's another for poor Stephanie .
She just can't get a break .
I suggest reading these books in order , but if you start out with this one , you'll be able to follow what's going on without knowing the background of the other books .
" A Painted House " is the newest book by my favorite author , John Grisham .
As soon as his books hit the stands , I have to buy them .
Even if I am in the middle of reading another book , that book gets set aside so I can read his newest work of art .
I have read some ( few ) reviews that did n't rate this book kindly , but I felt very differently .
While I have loved every one of Grisham 's books , sometimes I have felt that they were so detailed and technically mind-boggling with legal mumbo-jumbo .
This one is the perfect change of pace from that .
The setting is Arkansas , late summer of 1952 .
Luke Chandler is a 7 year old boy who is an only child , living with his parents in his paternal grandparents home on their cotton farm .
They are very poor farm folk and every member of the family has to work hard to bring in the precious cotton crop ; something they plan for and depend on all year long .
Luke 's grandfather ( " Pappy " to Luke ) , is a spirited man who does n't tolerate nonsense .
He worries constantly about the weather and how it will affect their crops .
When it 's picking time , Pappy goes to town to hire Mexicans who have arrived in a trailer , all scrunched up worse than cattle .
He hires 10 of them to work the cotton fields .
The story takes us through the short season and all the ups and downs this poor family goes through trying not to get rich from their labors , but just to break even so they can farm another year .
This has some meaning to me because my Dad is a farmer and although times are different now than they were 50-60 years ago , we knew plenty of years where there was barely enough to scrape by and feed 5 kids .
It 's amazing how resourceful one can be when the situation requires it .
Luke at the age of 7 has yet to discover much about women , but is very curious about Tally .
He thinks that a 10 year age difference is n't too much .
Hank Spruill is the oldest Spruill boy and he is mean .
He gets into fights and is even involved in the death of one the boys from another farm .
Trot is not 'right ' as he has some physical disabilities .
( This was before the days of political correctness . )
Trot would play a key role in the story as to how the book got it 's name .
Along with the Mexicans comes a boy named Cowboy .
He too is a mean person and he and Hank have their moment late in the book .
Luke does n't like Cowboy much because there is a little too much interest between Cowboy and Tally .
This book has reality , humor , scandal , sorrow and sentiment .
It is written through the eyes of a seven year old boy and how he views the world .
While there are parts in the book that are disturbing because there is death or financial tragedy , I found the book to be light hearted and often funny .
Grisham had a way of making Luke 's character quite interesting ; very inquisitive and hugely imaginitive was young Luke .
If I had to choose something that I would have liked to be different about the book , I think , as others have mentioned , that I would have liked to know more at the end of the book , such as what happens to the family .
But then , this book ca n't go on forever .
All things considered , I think the author chose an appropriate place to end the book .
I 've always loved King for his horror .
And my other love is fantasy .
When a friend of mine told me that King had writen a fantasy , I was intrigued .
The story tastes sharply of a fairy tale .
The good prince , the bad prince , the evil bad guy .
The younger prince is jealous of the older brother who will be king .
The evil magician works his spells through the weaker , younger brother .
The characters are realistic and endearing .
The tale keeps you on the edge of your seat .
I found it to be a real page turner .
I would highly recommend this book to any fantasy lover , it fits the bill , surprising from someone who does horror so well .
But it is great .
A few days ago my husband and I crawled into bed and I decided I would start my new John Grisham book , A Painted House , before falling asleep.
I am a John Grisham fan and I always rush out and buy his books as soon as they come out , it is sort of an indulgence for me to pay the price for a hard bound book but I enjoy his storytelling and since it is usually a once/year indulgence I do n't mind .
Lying in bed I decided to annoy my husband and I began reading the book aloud .
I did this for about 4 minutes with him saying nothing .
I then asked if I was bothering him , and he said " Nope , just wondering how long you will keep reading to me . "
I took that as a challenge to continue and did so for another 5 minutes .
When I stopped reading my husband laughed and said " That is the most boring book I have ever heard " .
I shrugged it off since it was just the beginning .
I should have listened to my husband and put the book down .
A Painted House is not a typical legal thriller from John Grisham .
Instead this is the tale of Luke Chandler and his family .
Grisham does a fine job of describing the time .
However , in other areas the book just falls flat on its face .
Each year during the cotton picking season the family goes into town and selects its help for the season .
This year the family selects the Spruills , a family from the hills of Arkansas and a group of Mexicans .
The Spruills have a son who is a rather large bully and seems to enjoy that .
He causes trouble on the farm as well as in town .
I do n't want to ruin the story so I will just say that there are some things that happen and Luke seems to bear witness to all of them .
This probably is because the child , he is 7 , is somewhat of a voyeur .
Perhaps it is the boring life on the cotton farm , but the boy just seems to enjoy sneaking around into everyone 's business .
The story starts of slowly , and when I say slowly , I mean very slowly .
I do n't think there is any action of excitement until around page 70 , give or take a few .
Grisham really seems to take a lot of time setting the scene and developing the characters .
There are authors that neglect to do this but I felt Grisham really took too much time here .
I had a hard time getting into the book and at one point found myself thinking things were picking up .
I got a little excited that things were looking up only to find out that it really was nothing .
When the story does finally pick up a little bit it is only temporary .
Up we go and right back down .
I found it to be rather annoying .
I guess that is my major issue with this book .
I knew when I purchased this book that it was not a legal thriller , but I still hoped for a little bit of mystery , there was none !
The ending is another thing that falls flat .
There were so many different roads that this ending could have taken and although the ending was a happy one , it was also a little sad and I felt let down .
I feel that Grisham spent too much time on the character development and not enough time making the story exciting for the reader .
His description of the 50 's seems accurate and readers might enjoy the trip back in time , but that trip does n't make the book worth reading .
There are two authors I 've looked forward to reading when they have a new book out--Tom Clancy and John Grisham .
After A Time to Kill , The Firm .
The Pelican Brief , The Client , and to a lesser extent The Chamber , I was ready for the next from Grisham .
So of course I spent the money for the hardback version of The Street Lawyer as soon as I could find it .
As usual , I read the first few chapters with great anticipation .
But somehow , the interest never developed .
It took me some time to figure out what the problem was .
Maybe the main character was n't developed enough ?
No, not that .
Maybe it was the situation that did n't ring true ?
Not that , either .
The problem was simple--the plot .
It dragged on , and began to take on the character of a reformer 's sermon .
As it turned out , I only got halfway through the book .
I 'm not one who likes to put that much time into a book without a payoff , but in this case I decided to cut my losses .
I just do n't think it was worth the time to finish .
I have no desire to find out what happened !
And I have n't considered investing money or time in his next book .
Ah , if only good writers could stay at the top of their game forever...unfortunately , this is n't the case and it 's always sad to see one of your favorite authors turn out a lackluster book that seemed to be written with a lack of regard for his readers ' intelligence as well as hastily written and poorly edited .
This is the case with James Patterson 's latest Alex Cross thriller , Violets Are Blue .
The Premise
Alex Cross is back as a D.C. detective who again pairs up with the FBI to help solve a series of horrific murders that appear to have been committed by vampires .
As he works on the case , he continues to be stalked by his old nemesis The Mastermind .
Along the way , he meets up with yet another pretty detective who he begins to fall for , leaves his family in the lurch again and again , and does pretty much everything he 's been doing in the past novels .
The book is written in traditional Patterson style of no frills .
Readers will likely breeze through this one in a day or two .
If this were n't the case , I have a feeling that many readers would have given up before the end due to boredom , frustration or the maddening feeling of ' What the hell is Patterson thinking when he wrote this ? ' while they read .
The Cons
I could n't help it with this book--I ripped it apart .
I actually kept a piece of paper with me as I read because I found so many flaws , each one nettling me so much that I had to write it down so as not to forget it in my review .
1 .
This book is not well-written .
In chapters that are written from Cross 's point of view , he uses stupid little lines ( that Cross is saying to himself ) like " Oh , no Kyle !
God no! " and "Kyle , Kyle have mercy on us " .
His descriptions of people are borderline ridiculous .
It would be okay if it was well-done , but it 's not .
The lines , like " She looked at me and she had such beautiful eyes " made me cringe .
This is the writing of a complete amateur , not someone who is at the top of his game , as Patterson should be by now .
This is similar to something I found upsetting in Roses Are Red : there are at least four characters named Betsey , including a major character .
When I first started reading it , I thought that it was a pattern and would be explained .
Nope .
Apparently he just liked the name Betsey or kept forgetting he 'd already used it .
This is a product of bad editing .
Come on , James , you 're rollin' in the dough !
I 'd be available for next to nothing !
3. He takes a few jabs at his children that made me mad .
Damon and Jannie have never been described as anything but angelic , but in this book he refers to them as 'the little creeps ' and says Jannie 'can be good when she tries ' .
Huh ?
I think anyone would kill to have such well-behaved , sweet children , as Cross always has seemed to think in the past .
It does n't make any sense !
4 . The things Cross does , we 've seen book after book and it 's getting very tiresome and irritating .
He always gets matched up with an attractive woman in law enforcement ( how many of these can there be ? !
I do n't think I 've ever seen any in real life ! ) who he starts falling for .
He 's always saying he needs to stay home more often , then runs off for days on end on another case , leaving his family high and dry .
This is especially irritating in this book because The Mastermind is threatening his family throughout , yet he keeps leaving to pursue this case and leaves them alone with their 80-year-old grandmother and no other protection !
When the Mastermind calls and again threatens them , he acts as if he 's forgotten they were in danger and calls in his trusty buddy Sampson , who rushes over and watches out for them .
Come on , Cross , your kids ' mother was violently murdered , you 're all they have left and you 're taking off when they 're in danger and endangering yourself ?
I 've always liked Cross 's character in the past , but he got on my nerves here .
5 . The plot .
There is the dual plot of The Mastermind and the vampire killings , the last of which is solved with a 'who cares ? ' near the end of the book to concentrate on The Mastermind .
The dual plot is n't interwoven enough to make it work .
Plus , where Patterson usually writes believably about investigations , this one has some very unbelievable leaps of faith .
Cross finds that some magicians are performing in the areas that the murders were committed , and , from that alone , they brand them the killers and are able to get a huge FBI team to follow them .
Hmmm...a little more evidence would be good here !
6 .
I was saving the best ( and by best I mean most maddening ) thing for last .
In the end of Roses Are Red , The Mastermind is revealed for who he is .
In Violets Are Blue , we go throughout the entire book with him still being called The Mastermind as if we 'd never been informed of his identity !
The author drops clues to his identity which are completely and utterly ridiculous because WE ALREADY KNOW WHO HE IS ! ! What was he thinking here ?
Did he forget we knew who it was ?
He seems to be insulting our intelligence by bringing him back in as an unknown , thinking we 're not smart enough to remember that we already solved this little mystery in the last book !
Ugh !
To make matter worse , he 's revealed in dramatic fashion like we 're supposed to say , " OH !
My goodness , who would have guessed ? "
Of course , we 're not surprised and Cross does n't seem too surprised either .
Considering this is the plot that he runs with in the end , it 's very disappointing .
Now that I 'm done ranting and raving ( believe me , I could have done more but I restrained myself ) , would I recommend this book ?
Well , if you 're an Alex Cross follower , you might as well read it because you 're probably already hooked ( as I am ) and will want to read the next one ( which there almost certainly will be--why not if he can get away with marketing this amateurish crap and still stay on the bestseller list ? ) .
However , if you can get out now , do it .
Patterson seems to be going down the toilet and bringing his faithful fans along with him .
Recently I have been very interested in reading fiction books .
Do n't ask me why , sometimes the desire just strikes me to read , so I do it .
: ) The first book I read was David Baldacci 's " Wish You Well " ( a great book by the way ) , then John Grisham 's " A Painted House " .
The cover of this book has beautiful colors .
The sunset in the cotton fields is reflected off of nearly every boll of cotton on the left hand side .
On the right hand side , there is a larger shady area where the sun is not shining .
This may be slightly symbolic and revealing about the book 's plot ( if you use logical deduction and reasoning ) .
To me , the shade in this cotton field represents the many dark secrets held throughout .
Each little boll of cotton could be one secret , with the whole field turning out to be hundreds and hundreds of well-kept secrets .
Well , one thing 's for sure , it takes a HELL of a lot of time to get to the plot .
Once I got there , I discovered that an innocent boy by the name of Luke Chandler was the main character .
In the early stages of the book , Luke and his father ( or grandfather , I ca n't remember ) go out and look for workers to pick the cotton .
It was boring , tedious , and dull .
I felt like I had to force myself to enjoy the book at this point , which should NEVER be done while reading .
The only one funny point I remember at the beginning of the book were Luke 's observances of how his grandfather always drove his truck at EXACTLY 37 miles per hour .
Interesting , and I did chuckle a few times .
But chuckling was rare in this book .
Finally , after going through Hades , I get to some interesting points .
Luke meets a woman by the name of " Tally " who he is at least a little attracted to .
I do n't wish to reveal much else about the plot because I do n't think it is worth mentioning .
Regardless of whether they like him or not , Luke is forced to keep many secrets the workers have told him or made evident to him .
The bottom line is this : If you 're used to John Grisham 's court justice books , DON'T read this one .
It 's way off-topic compared to his others .
If you are interested in a story from the 1950 's and cottonfields and the hostility between workers , then you may want to pick this up .
I find that the story is just too dull for me , though , and that 's why I 'm giving it a 2 stars out of 5 .
I am a slow reader , but compared to my husband , I 'm a veritable Speedy Gonazalez .
He starts a book and , if he 's really interested , he finishes it three weeks later .
So when he finished reading The Da Vinci code in three days , I was impressed .
" I could n't help it ! "
my husband said .
" It just sucks you in .
I started and before I knew it , I was halfway done .
I was surprised .
While my husband is fully supportive of my book habit , he rarely goes down the "you should read it " path when it comes to his books that he likes .
And I am rarely tempted to snatch one of the books off his " to read " pile and sneak it into my own .
In fact , with the exception of some classics from Tolkein and C. S. Lewis and a few others , we very rarely swap books .
I know him and his tastes ( and he mine ) well enough to know that he would n't insist that I read the book unless he really believed I would like it .
Got to hand it to the man .
Thirteen years of marriage have n't been lost on him .
He was right !
The Da Vinci Code starts off with a bang .
Jacques Sauniere , curator of the Louvre Museum , is trying desperately to escape his attacker .
Grabbing a painting off the wall , Sauniere trips the security gates , which close behind him .
Still , his attacker catches him anyway and shoots him through the gaps in the gate .
Sauniere knows that he is dying , and he knows that he alone holds an important secret that has been passed down through generations .
So in what he knows are his last minutes of life , he finds a way to leave clues to the secret for the one person that he knows can be trusted with it .
Agent Sophie Nevue , a cryptologist for the Paris police , is unconvinced of his guilt .
Together , they flee from the police interrogation and start to decipher the clues to discover why Sauniere was killed and to figure out Sauniere 's secret .
They are pursued by an overzealous police captain , the albino monk , a scheming bishop , and a mysterious man known only as " the Teacher " .
The chapters are short ( sometimes less than a page ) .
Author Dan Brown rarely deviates from the mystery .
There is no flowery dialog , and time is n't wasted trying to establish a hot relationship between the two lead characters .
Since the storyline covers a period of less than 24 hours , there really is n't much time for that romantic schlock .
But that 's OK .
It 's far more believable without it !
The Da Vinci Code is what my husband calls " a geek book " or , to be more exact , " a geek mystery . "
Rather than relying on conventional clues ( like footprints in the flowerbed , lipstick on the collar , and fingerprints on the wine glass ) , the mystery follows a trail of riddles and symbols .
Many of these riddles are based in history and are encrypted using a variety of techniques .
Mathematicians are sure to love this book !
I enjoyed it because many of the clues involved two of my favorite subjects : art history and theology .
The Catholic Church , which has enough public embarrassments to make it a viable topic for any mystery novel , and Opus Dei , which received much attention due to FBI spy Robert Hanssen , figure prominently into the plot .
The Da Vinci Code presents some alternative interpretations of religious history and involves paganism .
Ultra-conservative Christians ( or those who are n't secure in what they believe ) may want to steer clear of this one .
Since I finished The Da Vinci Code , I 've discovered that this is n't the first Dan Brown novel in which Robert Langdon has appeared , nor will it be the last .
Langdon first appeared in Angels and Demons ( 2001 ) , and Brown plans to write more books with Langdon in them .
Lucky for us geeks !
While I figured out some of the clues before the characters in the book did , I was still surprised and fascinated throughout the book .
Heck , take my husband 's !
Read it ! .
Although I purchased The Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown almost two months ago , I just got around to reading it last week .
I would have liked to have read it sooner , but unfortunately I had "prior commitments " ranging from work-related projects to Harry Potter .
I became interested in the book after reading the book flap which made the plot seem like it was about the exploits of this secret club made up of the intellectual heavyweights from the last five hundred years .
While my initial assessment was not totally off , I was both surprised and pleased to find out what the book was actually about .
The plot centers around Robert Langdon , a professor of symbology at Harvard who is in Paris to deliver a lecture .
As the story begins , Langdon is summoned to the Louvre during the dead of night to see a rather peculiar sight .
One of the curators , Jacques Sauni챔re , has been found murdered ; not only has he been found dead , but the manner in which he was found is also peculiar .
Immediately , Langdon must evaluate his role in the murder because it quickly becomes apparent that Sauni챔re left behind clues to help Langdon .
Langdon is aided in his quest by Sophie Neveu , a young cryptologist who has an interesting connection to the case .
You might be wondering what this "quest " entails and you might be surprised to find that Langdon and Neveu are not out to find
Sauni챔re 's murderer .
As it turns out , that is the least of their problems .
Instead , Langdon and Neveu must follow the clues that Sauni챔re left before he died and embark on what can be best described as a scavenger hunt .
Their work is complicated by the fact that they have the police chasing them and they are racing against Sauni챔re 's murderer , an albino monk named Silas , a member of Opus Dei ( which is a prelature of the Catholic Church ) who has been sent to recover the same thing that Sauni챔re was trying to protect .
It seems that Sauni챔re was a member of the Priory of Sion and it is up to Langdon and Neveu to find whatever it is the Priory is hiding before Silas does .
They will have to use their skills to follow the clues that have been left for them and look for help from the few they can trust in a crazy race against a mad monk .
If the plot sounds complicated , I can assure you that it is .
However , one must keep in mind that I just summarized a 450 page book in one paragraph .
The reader starts out not knowing anything and slowly , over the course of the book , more and more is revealed .
As the story progresses , it forks off into three distinct storylines .
The first follows the perspective Langdon and Neveu on their quest , the second follows Silas the albino monk and the third follows Bishop Aringarosa , an Opus Dei bishop who is traveling to the Vatican and seems to be giving Silas his orders .
I found it a little frustrating to have these three storylines - every time something good was about to happen with one storyline , the chapter would end and the perspective would switch .
This did n't make me like the story any less nor did I find it hard to follow - the frustration I felt stemmed from wanting to know what came next !
Although it seems that nothing makes sense , things slowly begin to come together .
In addition to providing a first-rate action-adventure/mystery , Brown also introduces a series of fascinating theories about everything from art to history to religion and how all three are related .
While I must point out that very few ( if any ) of these theories are original , their appearance in the book serves as really great plot twists and Brown has woven a fascinating story .
Of course , I would also like to pique your interest , so here goes : before the patriarchic religions appeared , goddess worship played a large role in religion but this dissipated over the years .
Or did it ?
What if the Priory of Sion was devoted to goddess worship and had control over the secret of the most powerful relic in the history of Christianity;and that 's just the beginning .
Frankly , the book flap does n't do the book justice .
If you are a fan of art history or history or conspiracy theories or fictional mysteries , then Dan Brown 's The Da Vinci Code is for you .
This book is very hard to put down but it is well worth reading .
You will not be disappointed .
You can bet your bottom dollar that that book is at the top of my reading pile .
I highly recommend The Da Vinci Code .
I read this book and I think if was wonderful .
It is fantastic .
He witnesses his fathers murder .
The way Stephen King writes this book , is just fantastic .
It is like you are really there .
I started to read this book , I could n't put it down .
Not unless I had to go to school or to bed .
I recommend this book to many people and I think that if you are reading this you should go out and buy it .
I was told to read this book by my mother and as soon as I started it I just could n't stop reading it .
If I could read this book again I would read it .
I hope you go out and get the book .... it is fantastic .
Once upon a time , Stephen King wrote a fairy tale .
The eyes of the Dragon is a truly mesmorizing and fascinating story .
A fairy tale for adults , but I think this could be for older children also .
It does n't have the customary violence and language that most Stephen King novels have , and it is n't so intense that it will frighten you .
You may be asking yourself .
Well you want to read it because it is a great novel .
The two brothers are Peter and Thomas .
Peter , the oldest , is in line to be the next king .
Peter is the perfect child .
Everyone loves Peter , he is handsome , intelligent , and caring .
Thomas , on the other hand is none of these .
He is a lonely little boy disliked and ignored by all , even his father .
Flagg has been in the kingdom for years ; as long as anyone can remember .
Since Peter is royalty , he ca n't be killed , so he is sent up into a tower to live out the rest of his life .
The only people he sees are his guards .
The only thing Peter has to pass his time is his dollhouse that he played with when he was little , the only other convience he was allowed was a napkin to eat with , these he specially asked for .
Thomas is now the King .
However , Thomas is young and needs someone to help rule the kingdom .
Who would that be ?
Why Flagg of course .
Thomas knows a secret that could destroy him and is slowly driving him mad .
This secret could not only destroy him , it would definitely destroy Flagg .
What is this secret ?
Read the story : find out .
Once again read the story find out .
The scarier the story the better .
For the more avid King readers out there ; check out the reference to this story in the Dark Tower series , Roland mentions some of the characters in this story that passed through his town when he was young .
For anyone out there who just wants to read a good story , check out this book .
It is n't violent ( well there are a few parts , but not usual King violence ) .
It is n't vulgar or sexual .
The story is about a lawyer who gives up his high paying job to help the homeless in an office staffed by 2 other people .
There is no mystery to the story .
Grisham 's books are normally mysterious , can't wait to finish it , a " who done it " style .
I expected a book like other books ( f.i .
Pelican Brief etc ) he has written .
A teacher of mine recommended this book to me , saying that all her friends loved it and could n't put it down , so when it came time to do a critique in her class , I chose this book .
Unfortunately , Mr. Pears book was not all that it was cracked up to be .
The are too many problems that drag this book down , preventing it from being the masterpiece that many are claiming it to be .
If the plot had been more gripping , more intense , this would have worked perfectly .
Unfortunately , it was n't , and by the beginning of the third narrator , I did not feel like reader the remaining two parts .
Again , this could have been excellent , save the fact that 2 of the narrartors are so arrogant and full of themselves that it made it hard for me to want to keep reading it .
Finally there was all the historical detail .
Mr. Pears obviously spent a lot of time researching to make his book as accurate as possible , including his writing style .
I commend him for that , however the details he gives are so numerous that they begin to over shadow the plot .
If you like the history behind what each narrator does ( i .e . the development of science for Da Cola 's tale ) then you will enjoy it .
If you find any one of the subjects offered ( say cryptography ) then it will hinder your enjoyment immensly .
I did enjoy reading some of this book , namely Da Cola 's tale , and the final tale , but the two tales in the middle dragged too much for me to be able to really recommend this book .
It wo n't be any spoiler to the literate masses to say that this classic Gothic horror story revolves around young Doctor Victor Frankenstein and the monster that he brings to life .
This unnamed creature , the culmination of years of painstaking work by Frankenstein , turns murderous after experiencing cruelty and persecution in his every encounter with humankind .
I was fairly surprised to find that I did not at all enjoy reading this book .
In fact , I found it enormously repetitive and tedious .
Despite the brevity of the story , I still thought the story dragged on , as if the author had padded the story heavily without adding anything of substance .
I was also surprised to find that the story held absolutely no suspense for me , nor could I say that the story struck me in any way as " creepy . "
Adding insult to injury were the leaden dialog , a completely unsympathetic main character and the lack of credibility in the actions and thoughts of the characters .
Here 's an example of what I mean when I say the dialog is leaden .
The scene is one in which a household servant of the Frankensteins has wrongfully been accused of a murder committed by the monster .
The excerpt is typical of all the dialog in the novel :
" She is innocent , my Elizabeth , " said I , " and that shall be proved ; fear nothing , but let your spirits be cheered by the assurance of her acquittal . "
" How kind and generous you are ! every one else believes in her guilt , and that made me wretched , for I knew that it was impossible : and to see every one else prejudiced in so deadly a manner rendered me hopeless and despairing . "
She wept .
If she is , as you believe , innocent , rely on the justice of our laws , and the activity with which I shall prevent the slightest shadow of partiality . '
-Surely some of this turgid stuffiness can be attributed to the time period in which Shelley wrote .
But it strains credulity to suggest that intimate family members would really converse with each other in this way , no matter the era .
After endowing his creation with life , Victor Frankenstein flees his laboratory , loses track of the monster and then goes about his miserable life for two years , apparently uninterested in what has become of his life 's work .
Is this plausible ?
His role during this time consists principally of languishing in nervous fever-wracked states , absolving himself of all responsibility , wallowing all the while in self-indulgent , morbid melancholy and revulsion towards the work of his own hands .
He waffles and dithers and generally acts like an idiot for chapters on end .
None of this behavior endeared him to me .
In fact , the monster possesses qualities , at least at times , that are far more ennobling than any his creator ever displays .
The words "miserable " and "misery , " "gloom " and "anguish " appear on almost every page , sometimes in multiple paragraphs per page .
If Shelley was trying to get the message across about Victor 's wretched state , she might have had a little more faith in her readers ' ability to absorb that message the first , second , third or fourth times around .
The reader is asked to not only endure , but to care about and empathize with the neurotic thoughts and behavior of Victor Frankenstein for far too long .
Yet another implausible aspect of the story creeps into the narrative by way of the narrator .
Frankenstein is actually a story within a story within a story .
What that means is that Victor Frankenstein is relating his story to the captain of an exploratory vessel in the Arctic , who is in turn taking the tale down in lengthy letters to his sister .
And when Frankenstein recounts the story told to him by the monster , yet another layer is added to this tissue of boredom .
But I digress .
What I found implausible here is the highly favorable impression that Victor Frankenstein - at this point a dying wreck of a man - makes upon the sea captain .
In his letters , the captain speaks of Frankenstein 's nobility of soul and of how he grows to love the good doctor as a brother .
Knowing Frankenstein through his own words left me with an altogether different impression of the man and I fail to see how the captain could be so taken with his acquaintance .
It has been and can be argued that Frankenstein is largely a moral tale .
To reduce the moral philosophy of the tale to its essence , kind treatment makes people good ; cruel treatment , revulsion and rejection makes them wicked .
And the monster , though treated most cruelly by all he encounters , retains an innate moral compass and yearning towards goodness even as he continues his annihilation of Frankenstein 's friends and family .
Another theme that Shelley raises but does not satisfactorily treat is the idea that man 's desire to master nature and to understand the world in which we live is futile without the all-too-rare qualities of self-mastery and understanding of human desires and limitations .
Frankenstein 's fatal immaturity allowed his hubristic faith in his own abilities to overreach his wisdom and his compassion .
Had the young doctor had the wisdom to predict his own reaction to his creation or the compassion to treat it benevolently , Shelley suggests , the disaster could easily have been averted .
Yet this message is merely hinted at and not drawn out to any clear explication or moral .
It 's clear that Shelley meant to play upon the parallels and contrasts between the creator and the creature in her novel .
Each of them is made miserable by the existence of the other .
Both feel cut off from the world around them .
And they both say of their sufferings " I bore a hell within me . "
Yet their differences are great too , for where Victor pursues science and rationality in his studies , his reactions devolve into hysterics and passivity ; while the monster , who comes into existence with no learning and no one to instruct him , resorts to empirical analysis of the world and consistently acts vigorously on the basis of his analyses .
In these contrasts and similarities , we can detect Mary Shelley 's background as the daughter of a philosopher and the wife of a poet .
Unfortunately , this after-the-fact sort of literary parsing does n't make up for the anemic and long-winded text that Shelley left us .
This is the first time in my memory that I have read a classic piece of literature and found virtually nothing to commend it or repay my time and effort .
It surprises me that a book of such a reputation falls so far short in every way by which I am accustomed to judge fiction .
Sadly , I cannot recommend this book to anyone .
I suspect that the book continues to be read today largely on the strength of its popularity in the era of its publication
Murder , Mutants , Abuse , Torture , Doctors , Scientists , Secrets , Gun Shots , Betrayal , Sex , Love .... these are just some of what you 'll find in James Patterson 's book , When the Wind Blows .
General Information
It was published in 1998 by Little , Brown And Company .
The hard cover version that I read had a total of 416 pages and unlike the other two books I 've read by Patterson , I could actually find places where I could force myself to stop reading for the night .
I 've only recently started reading books he 's written and confess that I 'm already a huge fan .
ISBN : 0-316-69332-4
The Story
Frannie as she 's called by her friends , has had her share of heart break and loss .
Her husband David , a doctor at the local hospital was murdered less than 2 years earlier .
Frannie is a real softy which is what many of her clients and their owners loved about her .
So there she was , minding her own business when one day this gorgeous hunk of man walks in and rents her cabin [which is being the Inn Patient] .
His name is Kit Harrison and while she ca n't stand him and at the same time she ca n't help but like him - just a little .
It takes quite awhile for Frannie to find out but Kit is not who she thinks he is .
Then , Frannie 's good friends husband is killed .
After much crying and several drinks , Frannie drives back home to the Inn Patient where she not only works , but has lived ever since David 's death .
She stops the car .
Wait .
What is that ?
Oh my God !
It looks like a human girl .
A beautiful little human girl - no more than 12 years old .
She can fly !
Frannie tries to gain her composure and then resumes the drive home .
By the time she reaches the Inn Patient she 's convinced herself that she could n't have really seen a girl with wings .
It must have been the alcohol ...... right ?
Sorry , but if I give you more than that I just may ruin the book for you .
And in case you 're wondering all of this happens in the first few chapters of the book !
About the writing
Patterson captivates the reader from page one and if you think you 'll find a stopping place at the end of a chapter - think again !
It was n't easy but I did manage .
In the beginning of the book is an Author 's Note .
In this note , Patterson states that what he writes in When the Wind Blows is much closer to the truth than even he thought it would be .
Overall
If you 're looking for an exciting book of fiction and science and doctors interest you , I recommend you give When the Wind Blows a try .
There are some graphic parts which made me mad to read , but I do n't believe it would be too much for anyone to handle .
Thanks for reading ~
Melissa
I got this book , because it was a Grisham book that I had not read ( the only one besides The Chamber ) so far .
In a nut shell , a homeless bum gets into the conference room of an upper crust law firm in D.C. and holds several lawyers hostage for several hours .
While there , he tries to lay a guilt trip on the lawyers who all took home at least 6 figures last year , yet donated almost nothing to the poor .
Most of them were too afraid for their lives to feel guilty , except for Michael Brock .
When the ordeal is over , Michael 's career takes a turn .
He and his wife are at a difficult time in their marriage , with him spending as much as 18 hrs at the office , she fills her time by going to medical school , and becomes a doctor , now neither has the time for the other--and divorce is inevitable .
A fighter for the rights of those who society has cast off .
While doing the research for a law suit , he finds that his former firm has been more than loosely involved in illegal activity regarding the homeless .
He decides to take on the world ( not unlike in Rudy from the Rainmaker )
Over all , it appears that the deadline to get this year 's Grisham book came a bit quick for John , either that , or he was specifically looking for a movie contract for this story , either way , it was not his best work--but it still held my attention through the whole book
The print is large enough to read without getting eye strain .
All of the children have the unique ability to fly but are discouraged from using this power .
But this is just the basis on which the book is written .
The real theme of the book is about love and trust .
There is your man meets woman , but the two people who are thrown together in many thrilling situations fight this attraction .
Later on they give into their feelings and open up to each other .
They find out they have been betrayed by friends , co-workers and even the government .
Tom aka Kit Harrison is a FBI agent who has lost a wife and two little boys in a plane crash .
He is sent on a vacation because he is being overly interested in a case and wo n't go with the conventional ways of investigation .
In other words he is an agent who is obsessed with a case and wo n't give up .
But the real reason is that he is getting to close to discovering what the agency wants to keep a secret .
This is the gene altered children .
Frannie is the widow of David .
David 's death is one of the deaths in the case that Kit is investigating .
They get off to a rocky start but soon fall for each other even though they resist the feelings that they have for each other .
Fannie sees Max in the woods one night .
Max is one of the altered children .
She and her brother Matthew escaped the compound by flying over the fence .
Max has learned to not trust anyone especially adults who have done nothing but tell her lies all of her eleven years .
Kit and Fannie eventually make friends with Max .
This where the action starts .
Kit and Fannie find out where the children are kept and make a daring rescue and then run into other thrilling adventures .
Later on after the rescues and drama the children are united with their birth parents .
This book has all that anyone could want .
It is action packed with murder and mystery .
Love and romance bloom .
The ending is as it should be .
Michael Crichton has written some really fun , engaging , and interesting stories .
He 's also written some really bad stories , and it is n't one of those either .
" Airframe " follows the usual Crichton pattern of a suspense story whose plot revolves around a piece of science , medicine , or technology .
We have the plucky heroine , an executive at the aircraft company determined to find the truth behind an accident .
We learn a bunch of stuff about the politics and engineering of airplanes , and eventually , we learn what happened on that ill-fated flight .
The only problem is , we do n't really care .
The trouble with " Airframe " is that the stakes are too small .
In " Airframe , " it 's an order for new planes .
In the most suspenseful moments of " Jurassic Park , " we wonder how the humans will escape the dinosaurs .
At the climax of " Airframe , " we wonder whether the TV reporter will escape being airsick .
( As Dave Barry would say , I am not making this up ! )
[By the way , this is n't a children 's book by any stretch of the imagination !
Warning : Spoilers in this , but the story sucks so bad I 'm doing you a favor ! !
I finished reading Jack and Jill about two months ago , the reason I 'm writing this review is that the sour taste in my mouth that I received reading this book is still there .
I enjoyed reading Along Came a Spider , another James Patterson novel about Detective Alex Cross .
Kiss the Girls was OK , but there were too many unbelievable points about it that made it a bad story all together .
Jack and Jill though , shows how desparate James Patterson be to keep churning out cheap thrills in order to make a buck .
It also shows how repetitive his ideas are .
From one Alex Cross novel to another , the same theme revolves , but within different circumstances :
Alex Cross is still bemoaning his fate that he is a smart accomplished Black detective in Washington D.C. , working around a bunch of stupid white people .
He distrusts them dislikes them .
this was the other way around I they have fired him by now .
( Read future Alex Cross novels ! )
Last , he is torn between his dedication to the job , his devotion to his children his " Nana Mama " ( his grandmother )
In Jack and Jill , a mysterious murderer is out to kill President Thomas Byrnes ; but for obvious reason that Byrnes is an outsider to politics to Washington ( he is a former CEO of Ford GM something ) ; he 's shaking up the town with his brand of politics .
Yet , good reason exists at all , even at the end of the story , as to why someone was going out of their way to murder him .
one gives a darn it for Detective Cross his friend John Sampson .
So in the book Cross also bemoans the fact that he has to protect the President , when in fact he rather be searching for the killer of the children .... it sounds throughout the novel that He blames the white guys who are his bosses for this .
Now is it just me , are these two stories completely unrelated ?
" Only Detective Alex Cross realizes that the two different murderers wear the same face " .... does n't this mean that the same person is stalking/VBG the President then murdering these kids ? ? ? ?
Turns out that Some Washington insiders wanted the President dead .
Ooooh ... big conspiracy ... it be nice James Patterson explain why .
the child murderer is some nerdy kid who stopped taking his anti-depressant .
This second storyline to have been added just to add extra pages to the weak first storyline .
.......... While talking about conspiracies involving the Whitehouse , James Patterson mentions the Whitewater Scandal .
How that be Clinton was the President in Patterson 's story ? ?
It is garbage .
What I did n't enjoy doing , however , was listening to this book on audiocassette .
Just because I give my opinion of this book on audiocassette a bad review , it does not mean I 'm bashing audiocassette books in general .
I 'm sure this book on tape has got to be one of the worse .
I listened to the taped version a week after finishing the book , so the book was still fresh in my mind .
The person who read the book complete stripped the personality out of the characters by his interpretations of the voices .
As I read the book , I got the impression of the main female character to be smart , clever , fun and sporadic .
The reader , however , made the female 's voice whiny and obviously fake .
His reading of the book put it into a whole new perspective , and not a likeable one either .
I suggest that if you plan on listening to Dean Koontz 's " Tick Tock " on audiocassette that you read the book first , for it is much different even though it is exactly the same .
PS--Please keep in mind that my ratings are not for the book itself , but for the book on audiocassette
UPDATE : I am writing this update after owning my 2001 Ford Focus wagon only 4 1/2 months .
After taking my vehicle to the auto dealership to have them why when the windows go down (especially the rear ones ) an extremely loud painful vibration occurs .
When the service tech was in the car for a drive to understand the problems noted to him my husband rolled down the windows .
The tech described the sound discomfort to when his ear drum broke a few months back .
As you see the noise is painful ! !
The tech then called the engineering department at Ford to find out how to deal with the problem .
Ford is selling Focus wagons knowing there is a window problem .
I am now in the process of finding out how to handle this problem .
How discouraging to buy a brand new car be making payments ca n't even roll down my windows ! ! Beware when checking into purchasing this vehicle .
We are spending too much on gas for that van , I told my husband .
I knew I needed wanted something big enough to still haul stuff like lumber my kids bikes .
So , I knew I was n't getting another gas eating van it have to be some sort of station wagon .
Now , narrowed down to body type I went on my search of different makes models of station wagons .
My first priority was price .
Being a family of 5 money is tight I needed something affordable , but of good quality .
I checked the prices of the VW Jetta wagon the Saturn wagon .
Both were quite a bit more expensive !
The Ford Focus was by far the more affordable of the three .
Having access to a Ford A plan was another deciding factor .
Ford also at the time of my purchase was offering rebates interests rates of 500.00
cash back 6.9 % interest 1000.00 cash back 7.99 % interest .
We all know you get what you pay for , maybe thinking it is cheaper because it is in features .
The Focus Wagon has standard features such as ; power door locks , power windows , CD player , air conditioning ,and cruise control .
The ease of getting in out of the car was another factor in my purchase .
Unlike a lot of small cars the Focus Wagon seats sit higher .
I really like the crank under the seat to adjust the seating height .
I hate sitting in a car where my head almost touches the roof .
That is a problem in the Focus Wagon .
The storage space in the back is extremely roomy the pull over cover is an added plus .
I went shopping for 2 weeks of groceries for a family of 5 had problems getting all the bags in comfortably .
Space is definitely a problem .
The gas mileage is the most important feature of this vehicle .
With today 's gas prices going up this is a feature to be looking at when choosing a new car !
The engine in mine is a Zetec 4.25 L. It still has pep , but does n't need a lot of gas to achieve the goal .
I was on vacation in Florida in 2003 during that time I had the opportunity to rent the 2002 Ford Mustang Convertible .
I drove it for more than a week , so I that I was able to see the good the bad sides of driving this particular car .
Engine transmission .
The Mustang that I drove had 3.8 liter V-6 in it mated to a 4-speed automatic transmission .
The engine was adequately powerful did n't need to downshift a single time , matter what the road was .
It was a silky smooth engine too , with deep , low , satisfying engine note ; as a matter of fact I mistaken it for V-8 at first , but then out of curiosity I opened the hood , saw that it was a V-6 .
The engine sounded just like V-8.
The transmission that the engine is mated to is very smooth also , with barely noticeable shifts .
Even the kickdown was smooth .
that 's where good stuff ends .
Handling
The car handled like a van .
While the car has very good ride in the straight line , doing a very good job isolating driver from the road bumps , you need to make a turn ( I am talking about just a slight turn , something extreme ) , you better have your seatbelt fastened , you have a good chance of landing somewhere outside of the car .
Granted it is a convertible , so it is as stiff as a coupe , but still , it is a sports car afterall , so it at least drive like one .
Design Ergonomics
The car looks good from the outside .
It has nice curves but boy racer look , so it appeals to both older younger drivers .
The visibility from the driver's seat is very good .
The front seats are cramped for such a large car .
It is as long as many sedans , wider than most of them , but it is pretty cramped in the front , I am even mentioning the backseat which is suitable mostly for children .
I am 6 feet tall weigh 200 pounds , which is pretty average .
Whoever was in charge of ergonomics 've been fired limited to designing floormats for Yugos .
It took me a while to find it the first time when I was trying to get out of the car at night .
There is trunk release lever inside the car , so you need to get out of the car , use the key button on remote control .
On the fifth day of driving the car , I finally found the controls for moving the driver seat , they were located in the front of the seat ( power seat in this case ) , on the left right edge of the front side of the seat , but right behind driver's legs .
When you try to open close the top , you have to use the two levers , one on each side of the windshield , which be troublesome for a single person .
In Ford Thunderbird , they finally replaced them with single central lever , which is foolproof easy to use .
For example : you use air conditioning , you direct the airflow to the desired spot , because there is separate button for A/C.
Rather there is separate position for A/C on the same knob that is used to direct the airflow , so the knob is in A/C position , it be in defog position .
I use the A/C for longer than 40 minutes , since I was wearing flip flops ( Florida ) was risking of freezing my toes off .
In the end , I recommend this car to anybody , as after short period of time , the feeling of rip-off will set in , as you start thinking about how much money Ford saved by giving the Mustang interior design job to a group of 5 Detroit bums .
Ford Mustang 2002 convertible .
A few years ago Ford redesigned the Mustang gave it back some its mid 1960 classic look , I really understood Ford 's decision to drop the so popular style of the 60 's Mustang .
I always that Chevrolet keep the sleek racing style of the Corvette than why Ford have done the same only for the Mustang .
you notice Ford had also done the for the fantastic T-Bird that lost all its classic styling in the early 70s .
The Mustang convertible 2002 does have the look body that tends to make cars become a classic .
Who knows it will ever be as popular as the original Mustang but it really does matter because this automobile is a fun sport car to drive .
Looking at the interior of the Ford Mustang with the top is down is impressive .
I like the beauty of the interior how all the gages controls to be so compact easy to read reach .
The car I drove was equipped with leather trim Sport bucket seats , they are optional for the Mustang 2002 but they certainly make that interior look very special .
Once behind the steering wheel , I did a bit cramped in , but after a few minutes I got use to it .
The armrest on the front console was at the right level resting my arm on it brought my hands at the right place on the steering felt good to hold it .
The sound system is well located on the front console is fairly easy to understand operate .
I did that the sound was as good as it be but I guess who cares when the top is down you are going for a early evening summer drive down a scenic country road .
The hood side panels have air scoops the trunk has a rear spoiler that will give this vehicle a real sport car design .
I was too impressed with the 17 inches aluminum wheels ; to me it that wires wheels look so much better with this car .
This is something to consider to change in the after market for new Mustang owners .
I be a bit younger I certainly consider buying one for myself .
The car handle very well on the highway , you have the feeling that it hugged the road very well .
As for city driving this car is a dream , it is to big to be a pain to drive around the city at the same time it is big enough to be noticed .
The Ford Mustang convertible I drove was had a V8 4.6 litter SOHC 16 valves engine , developing 260 horsepower .
The transmission was a 4-speed electronic overdrive transmission .
It also was equipped with 4-wheel disc brakes with ABS
As for the Mustangs of the mid-60 's after sitting a while in this car you will start to less comfortable but that put aside this is a fun car to own drive , I that the price is right anyone who buys a 2002 Ford Mustang have years of pleasure driving it .
The 2002 Acura 3.2TL is an excellent value .
The only option is a DVD-based navigation system that holds the entire US map on one DVD disc .
The features that are optional on other cars in this segment are standard here .
Value
The list of standard equipment is very long .
ABS , traction control , automatic transmission with manual shifting capability , automatic climate control , leather simulated wood trim , keyless entry , security system with panic alarm , Bose stereo system with both CD cassette , heated power front seats , cruise control , power locks , windows mirrors , steering wheel mounted radio controls , high intensity headlights , cruise control , sunroof , alloy wheels , front side airbags .
I did include other small goodies like grid antenna leather gear shift knob steering wheel , etc .
The engine is 3.2 liter V-6 with Honda's VTEC variable valve timing lift technology that uses two-lobe camshafts switches between lobes depending on the engine RPMs to increase torque power .
This V-6 produces 225 hp 216 lb-ft of torque .
There is a new TL Type-S model that gets 260 hp , has 17 " 5-spoke wheels stiffer suspension .
Transmission
The car is available with manual transmission , but you shift the standard 5-speed automatic manually you wish .
Unfortunately , automatic transmission , even with manual shifting , is substitute for manual gearbox , the torque converter "eats " some power plus you still have less control .
Mash the pedal it downshifts .
What 's the point of having manual control then ?
Styling
Some people like it , but I prefer something more distinctive .
Although the exterior was improved recently , the rear is still bland .
Interior is nice , however , the steering wheel that looks too bulky the wood that looks too fake .
The fit finish are very good materials look fine for the price .
The instrumentation cluster is excellently lighted at night the HID headlights provide enough illumination .
The car employs a floor-mounted parking brake , which I don't like .
It's A Front Drive Thing
The TL is a front-driver , which makes it better suited for slippery conditions .
The torque steer is virtually nonexistent .
The acceleration is quite fast , however the automatic transmission "eats " some power .
In fact , BMW Audi manage to go faster with less power .
It be due to the gearing weight .
Safety Pricing
you go to crashtest.com ,
you will see that TL was rated worse than it 's German competition , Audi A4 , BMW 3 Series Benz C-class .
However , they are substantially more expensive in their higher trims ( A4 3.0, 330 C320 ) with the same equipment as TL.
The Lexus IS300 is TL's closest competitor , yet IS300 is better suited for younger people who want a sporty car .
IS300 is a rear-wheel drive I it lookos better .
The TL is a car for those who want good value , reliability comfort .
Bottom Line
Overall , the TL is a good value with lots of standard equipment smooth engine .
But styling the crash protection be better .
After my SAAB story with the 9-5SE ( please see that review for all the gory details ) I decided to return to the warm bosom of reliability high resale value of Japanese-made automobiles .
The Mercedes C320 ( a disappointment , terrible ride ) Volvo T6 ( very nice car , but still too skittish for a Swedish make )
Audi S4 ( awesome car , but questionable reliability )
Three Lexus models ( RX300-did n't want SUV, IS-300 , cool car but leather option did n't want RWD , the GS300 , which is a really nice car , but glove compartment-mounted CD player ruled it out )
Toyota Camry , a disappointment , like to see a sports version ( I 'm glad to see they finally updated it , it was overdue )
BMW 330xi was nice but way too cramped questionable reliaiblity .
Mazda Millenia was also nice , but was key features had significant cost advantage
VW Passat , which I was very impressed with , but again questionable reliability .
Maxima 20th anniversary edition , an awesome car with the best V6 engine ever made , with a long history , but it had cost advantage over the Infiniti I30 , which was the car that gave the TL a run for the money , but the TL won out with more powerful engine , higher resale lower insurance costs .
I took delivery in March , of one of the very first TL-S' available .
I 've seen 0-60 numbers in the 6.2-6.3 second range , I have trouble believing it .
When I press the accelerator , the 260 horses are ready to run .
It 's great for evasive maneuvering , which I 've had to use twice .
Once was literally ten minutes after I picked up the car , when an adjacent car literally crashed into the car in front of him , while gawking at my new TL.
I swear this is a true story .
I almost had a heart attack .
Luckily , of the flying debris hit me .
As with most Japanese makes , the fit finish were almost flawless on delivery .
There is one small flaw in the paint , a bubble on the front fender , less than the size of a pinhead .
So far I 've found other flaws in the car .
The minor cosmetic differences in the '02 go a long way in improving the looks of the car , which many consider bland .
I chose the silver exterior , with dark ebony interior .
The fake wood for this exterior color option is black only , which looks better in my opinion than the tan with brown wood , which is obviously fake .
I know the black wood is also fake , but somehow I it 's better looking than the fake brown wood .
Another advantage to the TL is the flat pricing structure .
You get a lot of "bang for the buck " with the TL.
Just compare it to any of the cars I mentioned above you will find it 's extremely well equipped .
Some of the key features include :
-3.2 liter aluminum alloy 24-valve SOHC V-6
-260 hp ( Type-S) , 225hp for the TL
-VTEC technology
-Programmed fuel injection
-Dual stage front air bags plus side airbags
-Automatic climate control system
-Heated front seats with 8-way power driver seat
-LEV emission rating ( ULEV for the TL )
-self-dimming rearview mirror ( the greatest invention ever )
-auto-tilting right passenger mirror when the car is put in reverse .
( excellent for parallel parking )
-auto up/down driver 's side window , very handy
The engine is incredibly smooth shifts hesitation .
The seats are very comfortable there are two memory settings coded to the keyless entry fob you carry , which is a nice feature .
The car has excellent road manners I 've found it to be a smooth comfortable ride , despite the sports-tuned suspension .
The rear seats sit a little low , but there are rear air vents an armrest with two cupholders for passenger comfort .
The back seat has more legroom than you anticipate is actually quite comfortable .
The cabin is quiet road noise is minimized through lots of soundproofing .
The 6-disc in dash CD player is very convenient the 7-speaker Bose sound output is quite good , although I like to be able to crank it a little louder .
But keep in mind that I came down from a 12-speaker 240-watt Harmon Kardon system .
There are plenty of handy storage bins , including in the door , behind each seat , a double console cover , with a deep cover ( for kleenex CDs ) shallow cover ( for pens , etc. ) over a single storage compartment in the center console .
There is an additional power outlet in the center console .
The cup holders are excellent hold a variety of sizes , from a Coke to the largest fast-food cups .
I have yet found a cup size that wo n't fit in one of the two cup holders .
WARNING ! !
you buy this car , DO use the coin holder in front of the shifter for coins .
I know that is its intended purpose , but I had a coin that somehow slipped up behind the compartment , preventing it from closing , was about to have to take the entire console out to retrieve .
Only after a couple of hours of cramming wire hangers fingers up into the slot , was I able to get the loose coins out .
So whatever you do , do n't put any coins in the coin holder .
The one problem I have with the interior is the foot emergency brake .
I much rather have a hand emergency brake .
This be extremely frustrating until you get a for it .
The key fobs have excellent range , include a power release for the trunk deck .
2001-I just took the car to the dealer for a recall of the power window control unit ( which I have had any problems with ) .
They had it replaced in less than 30 minutes .
July 2001-I just rolled over 3,000 miles changed the engine oil myself .
The drain plug oil filter are the easiest I 've ever accessed on any car .
The engine layout logical all the necessary reservoirs tanks are clearly labeled .
I 've had mechanical difficulties of any kind .
I was given this car as a company vehicle when I first arrived in the US 2 months ago .
My first on seeing it was "what an ugly heap ! " .
Next nuisance item was the multifunction stalk for controlling lights , wipers etc . Really , these functions be seperated but the use of a column gear change prevents that .
These column mounted gear stalks are very quaint , but personally I see one again it will be too soon .
Performance was , well how I put this cussing , absolutely useless .
I do n't know its top speed as I felt sufficiently in control to test it .
Brakes are adequate being startling .
I did find that parking brake to be hopeless .
Handling .
Handling ?
Nope , on this thing !
This is the sort of softly suspended barge on wheels American cars used to be like .
This have been acceptable in 1975 , but things have moved on a long way since then .
My last 3 cars were 2 SAABs an Audi A4 so criticising the handling is a little unfair .
Problem is that Ford 's offering in this category in Europe is the Mondeo it kicks bottom !
Now that is a car they be offering to the American public , rather than the shoddy heap of garbage that is the Taurus .
Review of my 2002 Nissan Altima SE 3.5 , black on black .
I brought this car new Feb 28 , 2002 with 256 miles on it .
I had originally wanted a Maxima to replace my 1998 SE model which was going off of lease had to be replaced .
But as it was near the end of the month , there was n't anyone among 4 different dealers who find a 2002 Maxima SE with the right combination of options color that I wanted in California Nevada .
OTOH , when you buy a Honda Acura , there are options color .
Everything is standard all the cars have the same "options " .
So I settled on an Altima .
I had tested this car back in October on an invite from Nissan was impressed with the power looks .
The car has every option offered for the xenon headlights .
-ABS
-4 speed auto transmission
-Bose Audio w/8 speakers integrated 6 CD changer
-Sunroof
-Wind Deflector
-Cold Package
-Traction Control
-Leather [very fake ] wood
-Floor mats
-Splash Guards
-In-car micro filter
-Side side-curtain air bags
-Wheel locks
Superficially , the car is fast handles reasonably well .
It 's very easy to hit 90 mph [grin] .
Outward view is OK but the roof pillars do get in the way during certain maneuvers during angle parking .
I focus on the good points of the car like so many others but that side of the story has been covered ad infinitum by the car magazines , newspaper supplements professional car reviewers , so I will focus on the shortcomings design flaws .
Why ?
Like the Chinese water torture , a few small things , over a period of time drive you crazy .
there are a lot of small things that taken together make for an annoying experience .
IMO , Nissan has cut a LOT of corners on the 2002 Altima .
This be acceptable to meet financial constraints in a 15-20k car , but is inexcusable in an approximately 30k ( list ) car .
the mistake that Nissan has made is to try to bring the car upscale too fast by offering the expensive 6 cylinder model .
In the 4 cylinder econo-car class , the Altima be a very acceptable package priced at say 19-22k max .
Were I in Nissan management , I have offered the 6-cylinder model leaving that to the Maxima line .
So remember , my comments below are directed strictly at the top of the line SE 3.5 model .
After living with this car for one month , I 've discovered a LOT of design deficiencies , poor design choices extensive corner cutting in materials .
You call me anal for the list below , but I contend that the designers have been even more so .
In this day of computer design with so many fine examples to copy from , is it unreasonable to that a 30k car be designed with considerable thought and ergonomic considerations ?
Many of the complaints below have easily been rectified at little ( even ) additional cost given proper forethought .
, it like they put the " B" design team on the Altima project with [hopefully ] the " A" guys sent to work on the new " Z " car .
-Interior design material quality is equivalent to a cheaper car , say one costing maybe 15k .
The interior is unrelenting stark .
of a nice smooth finish , look closely you see the undulations uneveness of the paint job .
Is it cheaper to do a poor paint job is the problem that the car was built in the USA ?
-Cheap looking flimsy plastic are used throughout the interior .
-There is mistaking the plastic wood highlights ( extra cost option ! )
for anything but cheap plastic .
-Open/close latches on console box are flimsy do n't release engage well .
-Map pockets on doors are thin flimsy .
Why make the arm rest top raise provide a pocket there for maps other storage ( which I I had on a Mazda Millenia 2 cars back ) .
-Overall , the plastic in the interior looks feels cheap .
-Many switches are in the wrong places .
-Heated seats switches are on the console behind the driver 's hands out of sight .
You have to look down back to see them buried by the center console box .
They also stay on when you shut the car off .
They shut off when you shut down the car there be an indicator on the instrument panel that they are on .
-With my arm on the armrest , my fingers are at the mirror control .
To get to the window controls , you have to slide your arm backward take your eyes off the road around for them .
The mirror control is rarely used once it is set be put in a less prominent place .
-Garage buttons ( home link ) be on the visor particularly on the left side of the visor .
They be in the roof center near the sunroof controls .
you have the visor down pull to your garage , you have to raise the visor to get access to the home link buttons .
-Sun visors are poorly designed .
When down , they do n't cover the full space between the mirror the windshield pillar , letting the sun in through the side .
-Sunroof functions ( back forward tilt ) are all controlled by one button .
There be two buttons .
-Lock for the rear seats fold down be somewhere near the driver (electronic ? )
of making us climb into the back seat to manually lock/unlock the seats .
-Light wiper stalks are short stubby , 1/2 " to 1" too short .
-With hands at the 9 and 3 positions , part of the view of the radio heater left side is obscured .
-Driver sill is too high too far away from the seat , making it uncomfortable to rest my left arm on while driving .
-Instrument lights are an ugly orange with one overly bright daylight setting which ca n't be adjusted .
They have copied the older Maxima white instruments of using these deep instruments .
Change simply for the sake of change is wrong .
-Fog lights only work when the headlights are one , which defeats the purpose of fog lights .
Fog tends to hover 12-18 inches above the ground .
But with the headlights also on , the light from them is scattered , making the fog lights useless .
-Granularity on speedometer tach are poor .
Speedometer to be inaccurate by plus 8-12 mph .
With the gauge on empty the little , tiny light on at the bottom of the gauge ( empty ) , the car has 2.5-3 gallons left .
-Can't lock the fuel door hood .
Someone inside the car always open the gas tank hood .
-Trip computer is highly inaccurate .
It 's always showing between 20.2-20.9
mpg but my spreadsheet ( based on gas fill up ) is showing 18.7 mpg .
The time to tank empty is also off .
-Lots of reflections in the front window , particularly on a sunny day .
-There is ashtray option for one .
I do n't smoke , but have friends who do .
What do you do they want to smoke on a long trip ?
Tell them to flip the butt out the window ?
Stop every hour so they smoke throw their butt on the side of the road anyway ?
Tell them to put it in their pocket ?
Hang a garbage bag ?
what you want to sell the car to someone who is a smoker ?
-There is a lot of tire noise .
-Tires are all-weather MandS tires , true performance tires .
they are hard ( 300 rating ) which means longer wear but poorer handling grip .
-Car has the Bose stereo with 6 CD slot-type radio .
-I do n't like these slot type 6 CD changers .
It 's annoying to sit there load unload all 6 CD 's .
As it stands now , you have to select the CD 's you want in your house .
You load them into a carrier to bring them to the car carry them to the car in their jewel cases .
Then you put the jewel cases in the glove box center console .
You ca n't put the carrier in the console box because it wo n't fit , so it has to go in the glove box .
Hopefully , you do n't have any gloves other stuff in there .
to me that it make more sense to have a CD cartridge like I 've had with the trunk mounted units previously .
You load one two of these up in the house so as to have to mess around with individual CD 's while sitting in the car .
Better yet , the cartridge fit into a slot in the dashboard on in the radio ( rather than the trunk ) .
Then when you leave your car with someone else ( that you did n't trust ) , you just pop the cartridge out of the dash take it with you , addressing the issue with CD theft .
-Sound on the Bose system is kind of flat with neutral settings .
-This is 2002 .
It is inexcusable that this top of the line Bose system offered by Nissan does n't playing CD-R/RW discs MP3 recordings .
-Seat bottoms are uncomfortable ( too short ) .
-Drive ratios for the transmission are poorly chosen .
At an 80 mph I 'm at about 2800 rpm , though this is difficult to pinpoint exactly given the poor granularity on the speedo .
since the speedometer be high by 8-12 mph , this actually be the RPM at 70 mph .
be a 5-speed to allow for more drive ratios lower RPMs ( better gas mileage ) when cruising .
-It be nice the shifter gate area was lit .
-Brakes are over-boosted good .
-Steering is numb there is a good deal of torque steer when applying power turning .
-I 've noticed in quick , short side movements that the car feels " jittery " .
For instance , traffic is stopping in front of you you want to move across 5 lanes form the left lane to the right lane .
I wonder how this car in a cone slalom ?
-Glove box console boxes have hard plastic interiors be padded with felt to stop rattles when loose items move around in these storage areas .
There be removable dividers so you segregate the storage for holding a variety of items .
-Main console box be another 1/2 to 1 inch deep .
This is where you store your CD cases you do n't fit them in nearly perfectly , the console top wo n't close .
-At first , the two-tier , forward extendable console top cool .
But it really is n't .
One , extending the top forward interferes with any water bottles in the cup holes in front .
Here the passenger seat is totally manual .
-Headrests do n't tilt .
-Hood does n't have a hydraulic .
You have to manually prop the hood up with a rod !
-Trunk does n't have hydraulics the hinges interfere with space availability .
-Door handles flimsy , like they are made of plastic .
-Doors trunk like they are made of plastic do n't close with a solid thud .
-The cargo net in the trunk is poorly designed .
Second , although there are multiple ways to configure the net , of them make sense when you are carrying other items in the trunk .
of course , the hooks attachments rings are all cheap plastic which will break crack in a year two .
---April 3 , 2002 update---
For instance , an 70 mph is about actual 67.2 mph +-.5 mph .
An 85 mph is actual 80.5 mph This is about a 4-6 % error which I assume is within spec for a non-calibrated , mass produced mechanical device .
I now have 1475 miles on the car the last gas fill-up covering 308 mostly highway miles shows an average mpg of 18.94 ( spreadsheet calculation ) .
The car computer is showing 21.2 mpg , an 11 % error .
Since the computer calculation for mpg is wrong , the associated calculation for tank time to empty is also wrong .
I now have about 6500 miles on the car .
On the positive side , I have to say that I really like the looks people still look at it as I pass them by .
Having the sunroof windshield ( fairly useless ) , rear spoiler alloy wheels really makes for a nice profile .
Parked next to a 2.5 , the 3.5 looked a lot better .
Other than the airbag sensor replacement , I have n't had any major problems .
Unlike the Edmund test car others , I have n't had any problems with speaker rattling the stereo unit getting too hot .
There is a vibration that feels like the tires out of balance when the car is cold I am on the highway .
But this clears up when the car warms up .
Weird .
I did a comprehensive test on the cars speedometer accuracy vs. a GPS unit in 5 mph increments .
I had the car all the way up to 115 mph on 280 in CA [g] .
As an aside , with GPS technology being so cheap , it only a matter of time until car manufacturers start including on-the-road GPS speedometer calibration as a feature .
Gas mileage for 80 % highway ( aggressive driving ) on the last tankfull is 19.78 mpg .
I switched to Red Line synthetic motor oil ( last 15-20k between changes ) put in a KandN air filter to replace the factory unit .
- The seat bottom does n't have enough padding is uncomfortable for me after 45-60 minutes .
For those with more um , body padding , this be as much of a problem [g] .
- The car is loud with the stereo off all windows closed .
You all highway imperfections , hear the tire noise some amount of wind noise .
- The auto shift gate is poorly designed .
When driving aggressively shifting from 2 to 3 as there is n't any sort of detent block to stop you from wandering into neutral , which I have done a few times .
- The windshield ought to have some sort of anti-glare coating .
Because of its severe rake , the dashboard , vin# anything on the dashboard , like a radar detector , reflect in the window .
Nissan use this problem to make a heads up display [g] .
- I 'd like a little more turning to give some "on the cam " boost .
When you accelerate in this car ( at least with the auto trans ) , it just smoothly keeps accelerating there is n't that boost at a certain RPM.
You look in the mirror ( hoping to see a cop [g] ) all the other traffic to be receding at a steady pace .
So boring ...
I wish the on/off switch was a permanent setting , reset to on when you start the car .
so on the Altima .
When I turn this on , it spews hot air .
The dealer measured the temperature found it to be 90 degrees F when outside air temperature was about 60 degrees F. Initially , they it was defective but then contacted Nissan , who told them that it was working properly !
pushing this button is the equivalent of a fresh air vent ( what makes it different than just using the fan then ? ) does engage the air conditioner .
However , in the Altima design , the dealer tells me that air is drawn from vents on the firewall of the car , which means that you are drawing in hot air .
This explain the high temperature output .
So it becomes a "feature " .
be reading the Microsoft playbook ...
---March 15 , 20032 update---
I now have just over 14k on the car .
- Overall interior noise is increasing .
- Have a squeaking driver seat that the dealer has isolated to cheap design of the plastic anchoring that surrounds the bottom of the seat .
They are going to pull the whole seat next week see they secure buffer the plastic better .
- There is an annoying suspension squeak that will also be looked at .
- The fan is getting louder also .
I guess that means that it was designed to work poorly .
- I 'm noticing more auto transmission lag (2-3 seconds ) now when I stomp on the accelerator .
Dealer says normal .
Given the deteriorating roads in the SF Bay Area ( due to the states 35 BILLION dollar budget shortfall ) , the car is running OK holding together reasonably well
I have driven just about every sports car that is out there - from a Porsche 911 , BMW 540i , Jaguar S-Type even the Subaru WRX .
There is something about the driving experience of this Acura that is special .
While its true that it is the best handling fastest car on the planet ... this is one of the very few cars that will give you performance with the reliability issues of the german cars the spartan comfort of the WRX .
From the side the TLS looks gorgeous , from the back it is quite boring from the front it be wierd looking .
Someone mentioned a corolla...
I kind of see the resemblence of the high beam curve outs a little .
Anyways , I it be improved .
I too absolutely love the interior dash .
Ergonomics are top-rate .
I preferred real wood but the existing plastic wood does look as bad as some make it out to be .
The dash has external temperature readout , trip A , trip B , ODO in digital format various other indicators for VSA ( Vehicle Stability Assist ) , Cruise etc . etc .
There is also the Sequential Sportshift gear readout which tells you which gear # the Sportshift is currently in .
The SportShift feature is argument the best out there .
It surely beats anything offered by BMW, Porsche Audi .
Acura has done a great job here .
Engine response with the SportShift feels quite close to a manual ...but of course it be as good as the real thing .
Since this car is a front wheel drive it suffers from some handling problems like oversteer .
Launch spin as someone mentioned is also a problem .
But then again , this car is exactly a $ 100,000 Porsche 911 .
RWD is expensive to manufacture , at the TLs price I they have to remove a large chunk of standard equipment they made it RWD.
The HIDs are standard on this vehicle .
HIDs are currently very expensive even found standard on a high end Mercedes BMW, yet Acura offers them standard .
They cost somewhere between $ 500-$ 700 itself ! !
These lights illuminate the road almost like its daylight !
The light uses a Xenon gas chamber which is ignited with an electrical arc .
The "firing " of this chamber requires an expensive device called a Ballast .
When you first turn these lights on you see the light being focused ...it is amazing !
5 sit for short distances .
The trunk is HUMONGOUS !
This car is LONG !
The tires need to be wider for the performance of this vehicle .
Basically I found this vehicle to be very desirable offering a lot for the dollar .
I , that since I have had my Mustang seventeen months have put on just shy of 26,000 miles , I make a fair assessment of this vehicle .
I have a laser red 5-speed GT convertible with the premium package a beige leather interior beige top .
I will review the following aspects of the vehicle : interior exterior styling , performance , handling driver passenger comfort .
Along the way , I will touch on the aspects of the vehicle that I do n't like those that I really enjoy .
Exterior Styling
After parking it walking away , I often have the urge to look over my shoulder to take another look at the vehicle .
The sharp lines coordinating ( in my opinion ) bright red beige top really stand out .
The 17-inch Bullitt wheels with the three stripe Mustang logo in the center are classic add a nice throwback to the styling of the 70 's .
I n't agree more .
18 " wheels really fill the wells make the car look even better .
The lines of the car provide the driver with a high hood shoulder line but this is acceptable to make one more like they 're sitting in the car , despite the flat bucket seats ( more on that later ) .
The dual , stainless exhaust tips accent the rear of the vehicle , my favorite aspect of the styling is the front fascia , headlights grille with the chrome mustang .
A good compromise was made , I , between aggressive sleek design options .
The wrap-around headlights indicators provide a sleek , aerodynamic appeal while the fairly sharp-cornered bumper raked grille add a slight harshness to the smoothness of the other details .
Overall the car looks great .
The only downfall I see with the exterior design is the that it look a little dated in a few years , much like the mid to late 90 's Mustangs do .
On a slightly similar note , one problem with the exterior of my vehicle is that the driver passenger doors do n't to line up flush with the rear quarter panels .
While this does n't detract from the overall styling , it 's annoying none-the-less .
I 'm really excited about the '05 Mustang styling it force me to buy another one a few years down the road .
This really is a love-hate relationship .
The beige dash , carpet leather go really well with the red exterior beige top .
I have had a number of people comment on how nice the interior of the car looks upon entering the vehicle .
, for the most part I agree .
The center console , where the HVAC. , radio miscellaneous buttons for fog lights , traction control rear defrost are located , also light up in the same green glow .
The three HVAC.
knobs are simple looking but effective .
A nice touch to impress upon the passengers that this is in fact a true American icon .
The problem is , like the exterior styling , I fear the interior will also dated in a couple of years .
Also , while some of the materials good to the touch provide a soft , almost spongy , others , like the door handle inserts , shifter bezel , A-pillar covers center console panels like , really are , cheap plastic .
A few months ago , the retainer tab that keeps the on off button in place broke , causing the button to fall off .
Fit finish is also a bit below par .
The A-pillar covers do n't line up well with the dash , the center console panel does n't sit flush with the shifter bezel the door handle inserts bow out leave a gap between the main door panel the insert .
The last problem , with the door panel inserts , causes an annoying buzzing issue when the radio is turned up there is a large bass hit from the speakers in the doors .
lastly , the seats for this version of the Mustang use some attention .
They provide very little lateral such that when cornering , one is inclined to slide around a fair amount .
Further , they do n't look like true pony sports car buckets but they are flat unappealing .
The head rests on the front two seats are small because of the seat back design almost worthless in preventing any sort of whiplash .
I 'm almost inclined to say that my friend 's cloth GT seats are better than mine .
Even though I like leather better than cloth , it makes it hard to overlook these shortfalls .
Another such short fall was at about 10,000 miles some cracking in the driver 's side seat back requiring a replacement of the seat cover started to .
Performance
Performance : one of the main reasons for the purchase of this car .
While this is highly debatable , it does n't get much better than the Mustang considering the cost of the vehicle what it was designed to do .
My GT is outfitted with Ford 's 4.6L 2V SOHC V8 from their modular line of eight cylinder engines the Tremec T3650 5-speed manual transmission ( as I understand it , an original Getrag design , though I be mistaken ) .
While the car pulls pretty well below 2500 RPMs, the real acceleration power is definitely felt in the 3000-5000 RPM range .
The exhaust note adds the exclamation point to the power acceleration making the car a bit faster than it is .
The car possesses a willingness to go from a standstill has problems accelerating onto an interstate overtaking a semi at highway cruising speeds .
There 's an addictive quality to downshifting from fifth gear into forth even third at these higher speeds , watching the revs ramp up eagerly while the engine responds appropriately .
The car feels just as capable cruising along at 70 to 85 mph as it does between 35 45 mph .
Surprisingly to me , it that the engine be out of its element to cruise along at 85 mph all day long , much like the machinery under the hood of a BMW.
I the durability dependability will live up to this .
Another surprising pleasing aspect to the performance of the engine was the fuel economy .
With this driving , I have been able to obtain an overall fuel economy of just over 22 MPG using standard 87 octane unleaded .
On longer road trips , with expressway driving , I have been able to squeeze out 27.7 MPG !
This provides a range of about 400 miles ; for a V8 , I was impressed .
The transmission does an adequate job sending the torque to the rear wheels .
First gear short fifth quite tall .
Overall , the ratios appropriate the transmission does n't over tasked with the power torque being sent through it .
It is perfect though .
The throws , especially from forth to fifth , are quite long .
It feels good for going from first to second from third to forth , but I a bit over extended in the last up shift .
The shifter also a bit notchy .
I understand that these two issues be solved with a Steeda similar aftermarket brand shifter but I wonder the notchyness sometimes the difficulty of getting into a gear is the fault of the shifter some other problem .
I worry too much but I 'm concerned about the longevity of the synchros .
On cold days ( less than 20째F ) I 've also experienced a strange whistling/whining noise at about 2000 RPM that I to be gear whine from the transmission .
I have n't heard it since the weather has started warming up but this is still a concern that I have investigated .
lastly , there 's a fair amount of driveline lash that causes a clunk in some accelerating situations from low RPMs.
Overall , the performance of the Mustang GT be defined as a smile inducing , great value .
Handling/Steering
Some of the best handling cars that I 've driven include a 1997 BMW M3 , a 1991 Jetta GLI with aftermarket Pirelli tires , a 2003 Mazda 6 surprisingly a 2002 Focus ( all models , including the wagon SVT handle quite well ) .
While the Mustang is n't among that list of cars , it certainly is slouch providing MacPherson struts in the front a variable rate , Quadra shock rear suspension with Traction Lok rear axle stabilizer bar .
Some of the most fun I 've had in this vehicle has been entering the freeways from cloverleaf entrance ramps .
Accelerating around these slightly banked curves as the car holds its line tightly , exhibits the fact that the car has a nicely tuned suspension .
The Mustang has very little body roll when attacking corners curves but unfortunately a large amount of dive squat is when braking ( slightly hard ) accelerating .
With all the torque going to the rear , the GT be pushed into a fun over steer condition ( with traction control turned off ) I 've rarely encountered under steer .
Two times come to mind .
The most surprising least , due to the good weather conditions low speed , was most the result of some glazed blacktop on a two lane road .
The other time involved some sand .
Under steer does to be much of a problem in this car .
On the whole though , steering is decent boosted sufficiently at low speeds but as much at higher speeds providing good road feedback .
The steering is tight linear : a steering wheel input provides an vehicle turning output .
The wheel is appropriately sized requires about two a half turns to go stop to stop ( I 'm estimating because I 've really counted ) .
The wheel has four spokes to provide a comfortable one-handed two-handed grip .
The tilting wheel puts it at the driver 's preferred angle .
There is a stretch of freeway on my commute that is so bad I sometimes fear the car will rattle apart .
Sometimes , body flex is in the convertible due to the suspension absorbing all road abnormalities but this be in any convertible .
Some axle hop be brought about when accelerating into a turn from a stop over broken pavement .
This is a definite annoying aspect of the solid rear axle .
While I still have the stock tires on my car ( Goodyear Eagle ZRs ) they adequate provide decent grip in dry wet weather .
I have about 10,000 miles left on them then it will be time to get new rubber .
I have n't decided what tires I will go with but I will get the OE.
I like a tire with a little better traction in wet snowy conditions , .
Driver/Passenger Comfort Miscellaneous Items
When it comes to the quality of cars , I be picky .
Squeaks rattles drive me nuts unfortunately , since my Mustang is a convertible , various squeaks rattles accompany every outing in this car .
I had to complain about only one thing in this vehicle , this be it .
The list is quite long : the vibrating door handle inserts , the center HVAC vents rattle , when the blower is on , there is a rattle coming from the passenger foot well , the two rear quarter windows squeak when they 're rolled up , there 's a squeaking/buzzing , on occasion , from the windshield/dashboard area at speeds around 70/75 mph , there 's a rattle from the passenger side A-pillar , there is a rattle coming from the passenger side rear quarter glass area ( sounds like it 's inside the body ) , when the passenger window is rolled down all the way , the headliner buzzes lastly when driving at about 40/45 mph with the top up , sometimes there is a buzzing noise that sounds like the vinyl from the top is loose .
Maybe I 'm picky but of these things occur ; though , most of these NVH issues go notice to an average customer ( which I do n't consider myself to be ) .
On the whole the car is fairly comfortable to drive , providing decent visibility fairly comfortable seating with the lumbar .
Despite this small annoyance it really is a fun car for long distance driving ( longest nonstop drive I 've had is about five hours ) I to get it down to Florida on a future vacation for an extended drive .
Some small annoyances but problems I 've noticed in the car include the following : of a floor vent mix selection on the HVAC system ( a defrost floor option is available but I try to minimize my use of this to avoid the parasitic quality of the compressor on the engine during defrost use ) .
I wish there was a built-in compass thermometer in the vehicle ; I it be nice to have it incorporated with the digital odometer much like the new Explorer ; further , two trip odometers be nice , as opposed to the one offered ; the glove compartment is a bit small .
Summary
Despite the small nit-picky complaints I had in the previous section , I am very pleased with this vehicle .
you 're looking for a fun-to-drive , American icon with good power acceleration , take a look at the Ford Mustang GT.
, with the looks of the 2005 concept , this vehicle line will continue its success well into the future .
Overall I it works well is evidence of a strong commitment to design at Chrysler .
Inside , the driving position is almost perfect , although the driver 's seat in the model I drove did adjust for height , it was extremely easy to get comfortable .
Luggage space , too , is a strong point , with lots of room underneath the rear hatchback , useful storage trays .
Negatives , unfortunately , outweigh the positives , at least on the model I drove .
Fifteen years ago , an autobox this poor have been the norm , but in 2002 it 's unacceptable .
Many manufacturers , including Honda , Toyota VW , offer far superior automatic transmissions , even on their low end models .
That said , I get the chance to drive a five speed model any time soon , I 'll update my review accordingly .
Handling is only average , with some significant body roll steering that is all but of accuracy .
handling quality has been sacrificed at the expense of the smooth ride , but many other manufacturers able to balance these qualities far more effectively .
Forward visibility is excellent , thanks in part to the upright driving position large , steeply-angled windshield .
The large exterior mirrors help to a certain extent , but they also to generate a lot of wind noise at high speeds .
While the interior does have some nice touches , such as the chrome-rimmed , white-faced dials body-colored accents , it is dominated by expanses of cheap plastic .
Switchgear does n't have quite the same brittle , low rent as most GM products , but it is n't in the same league as the Japanese competition , let alone VW.
Overall , I ca n't recommend the PT Cruiser .
Competitors such as the VW Golf New Beetle , the upcoming MINI Toyota 's Matrix still to be a long way ahead of Chrysler in combining style a great driving experience .
I bought the new Mitsubishi Lancer OZ Rally model in February 2002 .
My car is silver since it 's the OZ model , it has all the upgrades : rear spoiler , racing console , metal rims , upgraded interior , cd player with 4 speakers , leather wrapped steering wheel gear shift .
since I accepted the 3-year financing plan , I have 0 % interest .
So every payment I make goes straight to principal .
You just ca n't beat a deal like that !
My car before that was a 2002 Nissan Sentra that I drove until it died .
This was my first brand new car ever , I n't be more pleased .
I did n't like the plainness of the Sentra , the Altima too big "old " , the Galant was too expensive for my budget , the Civic just did n't offer the extras that the Lancer did at the same price .
I also liked the Lancer because it was the right size for a 5'4 " female .
The thing I like most about the Mitsubishi cars is that you do n't have to pay for each option separately .
Each model trim comes with it 's own set of options , so you do n't end up with sticker shock by the time you pick out what you want .
The Lancer is new to the U.S. it 's reliability is still , but all the other Mitsubishi cars have proven to be reliable I have faith in Mitsubishi 's name .
The car drives very smoothly has a fair amount of pick-up .
It handle speeds up to 90mph any jiggles rattles ( more but I have n't gone that fast ) .
The gas mileage is 28-32 miles per gallon ( wonderful ! ) although the car is among the smaller models , it 's still comfortable enough for 4 people .
There is nothing about the car that displeases me in any way .
Our new hobby has become driving around the countryside looking for undiscovered tracts of land off of which we become rich .
Yeah , we are still looking .
Sometimes that search takes us off the beaten path .
This is what prompted us to get the Xterra .
It 's an SUV breaking the bank .
We are a Nissan family .
In our 8 years of marriage , we 've bought three , all brand new , they 've given us a minute 's worth of trouble .
We give it the standard oil change , any general maintenance , it gives us a good ride each time .
Another attribute I like about the Xterra is that it is pleasant looking .
It has got a very distinctive shape has always caught my eye while we were out , even before we were owners .
The colors for this line of SUV 's is so bright sassy .
I 've liked almost every one I 've seen , but we chose the blue one , as it is my son 's favorite color .
While I 've seen many women driving it , you ( your man ) wo n't look like a sissy in this truck .
What 's under the hood ?
Just a V-6 engine , nothing spectacular .
you are trying to beat someone at a red light , make sure you are next to a little old lady before trying it .
But hey , did you buy this thing for speed ?
No, it is n't a strong point .
We had a fair share of snow in North Carolina this year , the Xterra got us through in every situation .
we tested it ; my daughter was born New Year 's Eve 3 months early , so she had to stay in the NICU nursery for 2 months before coming home , which was about 20 miles from our house .
We only missed one day of seeing her due to snow .
Now you understand my loyalty to this SUV ?
Here 's my Xterra 's dirty little secret though : It eats gas .
I have driven another SUV ( I 'm thinking Suburban , Navigator , Explorers ) so ca n't compare it to them , but it gobbles it quicker than my Maxima .
we are on the highway , it get close to 20 miles to the gallon , but I 'd say normal driving is only going to get you 16-17 miles to the gallon .
Ouch !
When you are inside the Xterra , the feeling of gliding on glass is one you 'll have .
I this is all a matter of perspective , but being compared ( again ) to the Maxima , I have to say my bottom hurts .
But hey , this is an SUV, folks .
Another little add on was the trailer hitch .
, this too is an extra that you request .
We have yet to haul anything ( to my knowledge ) so I ca n't comment on it .
I will say that the trailer hitch cover comes "unhitched " often is a minor annoyance to the aforementioned anal-retentive husband .
Inside is what I like to call sufficient .
The seats are canvas , be removed hosed down .
One nice extra is the CD player in the front .
It is one that you feed from the front , a changer , but that 's necessarily a drawback to me .
I will freely admit that the CD changer in the trunk is more convenient , but you certainly get more selection ( providing you bring your CD collection ) with the front loading CD player .
The radio has a memory for up to 18 stations , more than we actually get around here !
The speakers are sufficiently loud clear .
Do you smoke ?
in my car !
We do n't have an ashtray !
You pay extra for it to be a " smoking " vehicle .
Also , in the place where lighters usually are is just an empty cap over the AC outlet .
Speaking of kids in the back-seat , this little truck actually has lots of leg room ...for kids .
The seats are individual , though bench seats , which come with a third seatbelt in the middle .
You also push down one of the seats , both , to allow yourself more trunk room .
This trunk is where your extra storage comes into play .
Also , there is a luggage rack on top , which we will use for the first time this summer .
speaking of room , this little dilly is n't as big as it looks .
In fact , we take this truck on our 11-hour trek to Florida each year , I get to squirming pretty quick .
I had a back surgery a few years ago it is hard for me to sit straight up , but that 's just what these seats do .
I 'm up too straight laying too flat .
My other complaint is with the seatbelt .
For some reason , this one locks against your chest you move too much ( for me too much is leaning up to change the radio station ) .
It also creeps up along my neck , which my Maxima does n't do , so I know it is just me !
As confined as I in this car , it is obviously made for tall people .
I had to really learn how to get into this darn thing gracefully , I 'm almost 5'9 " tall .
I hardly complain though , since this very feature allows us to actually see over some cars in front of us , besides , the truck comes with a tubular rail on the side to help you up , anyway .
It 's an SUV, people !
you are looking for a manly vehicle , you just ca n't go wrong with a Nissan .
I 've been disappointed with any of their products , the Xterra is exception .
I completely disagree with the person who wrote the review titled " Acura TL Type-S : Lost any fillings lately ? " .
Specifically there are a few things I want to point out .
First , he said the ride is horrible .
I have one , drive it every day , anything the ride is too soft .
Fillings falling out ?
he needs a new dentist .
The ride is hardly rough .
He also states that it does n't really do as well as it for a front driver .
he drive one , read what Road Track said when they did an extensive review of the Type-S.
Value .
He mentions that it 's too bad that there is n't a $ 30K performance sport sedan , refers to BMW, Maxima I30 .
First the BMW.
What BMW you buy that costs $ 31K ?
.
With an automatic , a somewhat modest option list they easily soar past $ 35K.
$ 40K for a car with 35 HP LESS than the Acura , less torque .
Have you driven one ?
I have ( 328is ) .
They have low-end torque like an economy car compared to the Type-S.
Additionally have fun spending a thousand bucks + for snow tires rims for the BMW.
Sure the handling is superior to the Acura , but for $ 9K I I 'll take a couple of European vacations .
The bottom line , the value the Type-S has is very high , especially compared to the BMW.
Ok , how about the Maxima ?
Have you driven this car ? !
I have driven the 2004 SE it is SOFT.
Feels more like an Accord .
Great engine , lots of torque , very quick , but clearly geared towards lots of highway miles back road driving .
Bottom line is this car is a HUGE value .
Absolutely amazing engine , one of the best front driving cars I have ever driven .
Do n't just take my word for it , read the magazines hear what the "professionals " have to say .
/Gene
Less than 40,000 on it .
When purchased had only 5,500k .
Got about 10,000 decent miles on it , before everything went wrong .
Transmission slips , tie rods broke 3 times , sunroof twice ,
window problems , interior has some many squeaks , cracks pops bird noises , i like i 'm at the zoo .
Look underneath , it 's built like a matchbox car , those tiny suspension parts hold up to everyday ( normal ) driving .
Steer clear of any potholes , you .
Keep windows all the way up when it is raining ( even a light rain ) .
Water just comes in , goes all over the the power buttons , arm your leg .
Mitsubishi has finally decided to bring an up to date compact to American shores .
The Lancer has been available in other parts of the world for a while so the mechanicals of the car chassis are reliable .
Mitsubishi gave the car crisp lines which establish a clean look .
The headlights integrated turn signal assembly look more European than Asian in origin .
The only area which looks a bit plain be the tail light clusters , but remember we 're talking about a sub $ 16k car , most other compacts are better in this regard .
Now on to more mechanical matters :
I test drove Focus , Elantra , Protege , Civic high level trims .
The Mitsubishi engine is simply a jewel while running absolutely puts the Ford Zetec Hyundai engine to shame .
The 5spd manual transmission shifts nicely has a real 5th gear overdrive which drops the revs for quiet highway cruising .
In 5th gear at 70MPH , the Lancer is only turning approx 2750RPM.
The clutch has a high engagement point compared to other manual tranmission cars I test drove , but it 's a big issue .
EPA fuel economy rating is 28/33 with the 5spd manual .
However on my first tank I got 33mpg in mixed city/hwy with the A/C on almost all the time .
Considering the car now has only 272 miles on it , I 'd say that 's pretty encouraging .
Additionally , the Lancer 's engine provides very decent off the line punch to get the car moving up to speed .
You do have to rev the engine up to near redline in order to achieve satisfying acceleration .
The Lancer 's chassis is an area that will disappoint pocket rocket enthusiasts expecting race car type cornering go-kart like reflexes .
However , for the rest of us , a Lancer in stock form ( across all trim levels ) provides a quiet , comfortable , controlled ride across a variety of pavement surfaces .
Handling is sloppy , but a bit behind the Protege .
Protege is much more controlled during quick cornering , but at the expense of a somewhat harsh jittery ride - especially on bad pavement .
The Lancer OZ is to be a bit more sporty , but does n't have anything mechanically to "kick it up a notch " in the handling department versus the LS ES trims .
My Lancer came with Goodyear Eagle LS tires , which are a pure passenger car tire with performance inclination .
Brakes are front ventilated disc / rear drum provide sufficient stopping power for normal duties .
All the other cars I 've mentioned with the exception of the Protege ES use a disc/drum setup , but it have been nice Mitsubishi had installed four wheel disc brakes ( on the OZ at least ) for increased stopping power .
The only quirk is that Mitsubishi only offers ABS on the Lancer LS trim level , it 's available on the ES OZ.
You simply as you have a larger car beneath as you go down the road .
Interior design-wise , Mitsubishi provides a very roomy interior within a small size car .
I they stole a little space from the trunk to give to back seat passengers , but I have three friends in the car , I they 'd appreciate it .
I rate front seat comfort as very good - I 'm 6'3 245lbs long legged .
The driver 's seat goes far enough back that I stretch out while driving a dead pedal is provided for your left foot for even more comfort .
The benefit of the OZ for me was that a slightly upscale black interior is used with nice looking black fabric cloth for the seats .
Another nice perk for the OZ is that the gauge cluster is styled after Mitsubishi 's Evolution rally car .
Gauges are creme faced , round , easy to read , glow a soft orange/red at night for easy visibility .
I am going to grad school wanted to get a much more economical car that was more suited to my needs .
After a week with my new Lancer OZ , I 've gotten all that much more , including a vehicle which is fully paid off .
you 're in the market for a new compact , you 'd be negligent you did n't go to your Mitsubishi dealership to at least test drive a new Lancer .
I 'm sure that Honda Toyota loyalists decree that Mitsubishi does n't have the goods to compete since they 're the more established players in the arena .
However , a quick test drive enlighten you to the fact that Mitsubishi has done their homework here at the very least now offer a product on par with their Japanese rivals .
The Mitsubishi Lancer is all new for the 2002 model year , replacing the cute , yet infamous Mitsubishi Mirage .
While the Mirage was a cheap car made with cheap materials , its successor boasts only slight quality improvements at a much higher price .
While the commercials have young trendy adults singing to ' Barenaked Ladies ' seeming to have a great time with this car , I have come to the that singing along to trendy rock tunes with the Lancer 's 100 watt stereo system be one of this car 's only fun attributes .
For 2002 the Mitsubishi Lancer comes in 3 trim lines , the ES ( my tester ) , LS , OZ.
All trim lines come with a 2.0 SOHC 4-cylinder engine that pumps out a lackluster 120 horsepower at 5,500 RPM , 130 lb-ft of torque at 4,250 RPM.
Power is distributed to the front wheels via a standard 5-speed manual transmission , a 4-speed fully automatic transmission ( as was in my tester ) .
Note : you plan on buying the sport model 'OZ ' Edition do n't plan on getting any better performance than with the base models .
The OZ has the same 120 horsepower 2.0 4-banger mated with the same transmissions .
According to the November 02 issue of Motor Trend Magazine , a version of the high performance Mitsubishi Lancer Evo VII will be available sometime next year .
Driving impressions :
With a hefty curb weight of 2,700 Lbs , 120 horses , peak torque reached a relatively high RPM , off-the-line acceleration mated with the 4-speed fully automatic transmission came , at first with slight hesitation , then with needed patience .
Although the 4-speed automatic transmission is somewhat smooth , it is the best pick for this SOHC 2.0 set-up .
I 'd recommend going with the 5-speed you choose this car .
Despite the heavy curb weight , the small wheels and tires , I felt that I was going to lose control on the twistys , was I conscious of this car 's relatively hefty curb weight while driving .
Bumps rattles be present on certain road surfaces , but this usually is too annoying .
Hills are taken fairly well .
The 4-speed automatic will shift down into 3rd gear on almost any incline , but the ride remains calm , the engine does n't get as loud as fussy as with some car 's engines in this class while accomplishing these sorts of tasks .
The Lancer ES comes standard with front wheel disc/rear drum brakes ABS.
Despite this cost effective , health hazard set-up , the Lancer stopped with little effort felt more like a 4-wheel disc set-up than the dinosaur set-up which it was equipped with .
Fuel economy is a little disappointing .
The EPA rates this car with an automatic at only 31 MPG during freeway driving .
This EPA is almost 10 MPG less than the EPA ratings for the Honda Civic Toyota Corolla .
Engine Gripes : Mitsubishi is going to charge this much cash for their cars , they are going to need to pay much more detail to their powertrains .
SOHC engines in expensive cars , even sport oriented cars are at all desired .
More technology , DOHC designs , including VVT be welcomed .
Interior Accommodation :
I have read a few reviews on this car over at www.cars.com ,
despite many reviewers saying this car has the interior set-up of the 1980s Chrysler K cars , it is nowhere near that bad , but the interior does leave a lot to be desired .
The drivers position is also very good which offers great vision in all directions , easy access to the instrumentation .
Dual Air bags , AC , intermittent windshield wipers , tachometer , a 100 watt , 4-speaker Mitsubishi sound system is standard .
This sound system is clear , but Bose by any means .
The convenience package adds some items such as cruise control , 60/40 split bench rear seats .
www.mitsubishi.com
has more info on all standard optional equipment that be had for the ES other Lancer trim lines .
The front bucket seats are a major complaint , I found them hard to the 'butt touch' , offered little back .
The Lancer ES 's cargo storage is adequate at most , the trunk is small , but there are plenty of pockets in the cabin for small items , like broken knobs etc .
Exterior Innovation :
The exterior of the 2002 Lancer is really nothing to write home about , but it 's ugly duckling .
Mitsubishi played it pretty safe with the styling of this small sedan .
I do like the front fascia , as it offers a chrome grille , an 'open mouthed ' front bumper which adds a little more sexy modern appeal to this otherwise blase 'get lost in traffic ' car .
The headlights are with see-through effects which also help this car keep with the 'times ' .
Price , Reliability , and Warranty :
For 2002 the Lancer ES with a manual transmission starts at around $ 14,000 , however , with options , such as an automatic transmission the price quickly rises to near $ 17,000 as was my tester 's sticker price .
Looking for a faster , yet more fuel efficient economy car ?
You want to check out my review on the Toyota Corolla
- Happy Car Shopping !
Two weeks ago , I spent several days behind the wheel of a 2002 Ford Taurus SE (you see a review based on my week in a Taurus at http ://www.epinions.com/content
) ./SYM Lo behold , when I picked up a rental car the next week , the kind folks at my neighborhood Enterprise handed me the keys to a Mercury Sable .
Over the next five days , I put slightly under 500 miles on the vehicle ; the bulk of which was highway driving .
The Car
Enterprise rented me a 2002 Sable GS model , a four-door , with Lincoln-Mercury 's stock V6 Vulcan engine four-speed automatic overdrive transmission .
The vehicle came equipped with dual airbags , power doors/windows/mirrors , cloth seats , AM/FM/Cassette , tilt wheel , cruise control , intermittent wipers , AC.
This model (unlike last week 's Taurus ) also included remote keyless entry .
Styling Notes
The trunk , however , is carpeted in the same gray as the Taurus .
Much of the difference ( what little there is ) between a Taurus a Sable is in the styling .
Since frame body components of the two vehicles are identical , any additional "luxury " be imparted by changes in pieces parts that are inserted , attached , otherwise appended to the core of the automobile .
That , for the most part , means additional chrome : the Sable 's grille has a chrome surround ( reminiscent of the Jaguar grille ) the body trim molding boasts a chrome insert of the plain color-matched molding on the Taurus .
Head - tail-lights are subtly different ; the Sable 's lighting modules have a more traditional appearance the elongate teardrop motif of the Taurus .
The most striking body difference is in the trunkline .
The Sable 's trunk bears the slightest of a bulge at the rear , with the addition of a chrome emblem on the rear-facing surface to the classic Lincoln Continental .
A luxury note is added by the faux walnut surround on the central panel , viewing which makes me wonder : is there but one supplier for fake burled walnut in the world , does everybody make that same color pattern of ugly plastic ?
The instrument cluster remains unchanged , as does the central panel containing the climate control entertainment centers .
The radio controls feature the same tired black rocker switches used in the Taurus ; the climate control is the stock three-knob system used by Ford for decades ( an automatic temperature-control system is optional ) .
Driver-Car Interface
Cornering braking , as in the Taurus , are acceptable but unremarkable .
The overall ride is comfortable on smooth roads , with a slight sway on bumpy uneven surfaces .
The stock 155-hp Vulcan V6 is the same engine used in the SE model Taurus ; it suffers the same acceptable high-end torque deficient low-end acceleration I noted in the Sable 's twin .
As in the Taurus SE , the engine was coupled to a four-speed automatic overdrive transmission ( steering column-mounted ) .
My mileage on this trip came in at 22 MPG , much the same as my experience in the Taurus .
The cockpit , too , is identical to that of the Taurus , with controls switches arrayed within comfortable reach of the averaged-sized driver ( me ) .
An available pedal placement control option , which raises lowers the accelerator/brake pedal complex , prove useful to shorter drivers .
The Sable , like the Taurus , provides illumination in the door window controls so that they be found in the dark .
Driving Environment
Seating in this trim level of the Sable is identical to that of the Taurus SE ; with comfortable but unremarkable cloth seats .
The GS , like the Taurus SE , motor-driven seat adjustment also has minimal lumbar .
Rear-seat room is sufficient for three average-sized passengers , though all three find the configuration uncomfortable for more than an hour so of riding .
The glove compartment is of a reasonable size the somewhat strange shape of that found in the Taurus .
There are map pockets in the door ( surprise ) a small cubbyhole for change , other small items below the climate controls .
The trunk capacity is , like that of the Taurus , about 17 cubic feet has an moderately high sill .
Unlike the Taurus , there is cargo net , but there are two small plastic wells molded into the floor at the sides of the space .
At the GS trim level , the back seats do fold is there any form of pass-through ; long cargo hang over the trunk lip be relegated to the roof .
Wind noise is very pronounced at highway speeds , even moreso than in the Taurus .
Engine noise is somewhat intrusive , although road noise is minimal unless the road surface is especially coarse ( fresh chip-and-seal surfaces , for instance ) .
Highs Lows
These are my personal observations about this Sable model , with additional explanation where necessary :
+/SYM good rear-seat room
+/SYM large trunk capacity
+/SYM clear dash instrument-panel layout
+/SYM fuel economy
Mmmmm , Maybe : The Neutral Zone
= engine acceleration
= road handling braking
= an average climate-control system
= wind noise , road noise , engine noise
= dated interior design , especially the control panels
= quality control ( see below )
Negatives : the Brake Pedal
- fold-down rear seat
- amateurish-looking design to interior components , especially the " console "
- climate controls ( see "rant , " below )
- that stupid front-seat console of interior storage .
On Quality
This particular Sable was as poorly constructed as the Taurus I drove last week ( ergo the 3-star rating as opposed to the Taurus 's 2-star ) , but there is still room for improvement .
Quality problems I noted in a cursory inspection included :
- The two-tone dashboard is actually one piece ; the boundary between the two color areas was irregular
- There was a color mis-match between the dashboard the panel covering the passenger airbag .
Rant
One area in which the Taurus the Sable ( other Ford products , I remember correctly ) are deficient -- in my humble opinion -- is in the climate control engineering .
There are three knobs for this system : fan speed , temperature , a "position " selector .
Other manufacturers give you the option for recirculate vs external circulation in any position ( face , floor , defrost ) with the AC on off ; in a Ford it 's only available in AC.
When on AC ( Max AC ) you have to play with the vents to balance air in the face on the floor .
Other manufacturers give us control over the AC unit is running in any vent position also over the circulation in any vent position .
Why wo n't Ford 's engineers do the same ?
There 's a dime 's worth of difference between the Sable GS the Taurus GE in the realm of engineering , handling , comfort .
The minor differences in styling are insignificant to the intrinsic value of the car , but are there only to add a taste of "luxury , " so they 're worth it , I guess .
you do n't mind paying an extra $ 200 so ( base price Taurus SE vs base price Sable GS ) for the chrome trim that fake walnut on the dashboard , free to pony it up .
your Lincoln-Mercury dealer is much more convenient than your Ford dealer , it 's a no-brainer .
Otherwise , shop 'em both see who 'll give you the best deal .
you buy a Camry , -- get a dish of Japanese-flavored plain vanilla of US-flavored plain vanilla .
Wonderful !
The ZX2 is wonderful , but then I'll admit I'm enamored with smaller cars , I see reason to pay big $ $ $ just to impress the parking valet , also our kids are grown , so the back seat is mostly just for storage on trips .
Before we bought the ZX2 we also looked at the Dodge Neon , the Honda Civic the Ford Focus .
The Neon was unimpressive , but the Civic was quite nice , just $ 3-4K nicer , that our local dealers were charging for equivalent options .
We like Fords , but when they replaced the solid little Escort with the Euro-esque Focus ( although both it the ZX2 we bought , are actually assembled in Mexico ) , I had to gulp .
I've tried to like the Focus , mechanically they're on par better than anything else in this price range -- but I guess my ancestors have been gone from Europe way too long for me to appreciate that wedge-of-cheese look .
The ZX2 reminds me of the little Audi I brought back from Germany in the 1980s , although the ZX2's fit finish is much , much better than I remember from my Audi ( which I also liked very much ) .
Although there is any doubt that you're in a 4-cylinder car , the ZX2 is noticeably faster than our Escort SE , twin cams , etc . I've seen 0-60 times under 8 seconds in some articles , although I've timed it , the performance is in the neighborhood of what I recall from my mid-sized 327 Camero , only the ZX2 gets a little over 35mpg on the road ( we usually get better than EPA said ) .
We've had several Escorts over the years ( something over 400K miles worth ) , despite how the consumer publications always try to steer buyers much further upscale , I really they're the true meaning of value sport .
We've had our ZX2 on a couple long trips , like we've said about our other Escorts ( after driving `em all over the United States , driving for days on end ) , two "AARP Land " candidates are comfortable in them , then they're comfortable ( we to drive 30K++ miles every year , but these cars make the going inexpensive ) .
Our ZX2 is the most comfortable of the bunch , however .
At first the ZX2 was a compromise that to be forced on us because Ford longer makes the 4-door models .
But now , my only fear is that Ford will soon discontinue the Escort ZX2 line altogether ( I 've talked to the factory rep about this ) .
I just they send the Focus to one of those Hollywood plastic surgeons in the meantime , it badly needs a facelift before I'd be as happy with it as our ZX2 .
a ZX2 on the horizon , that Civic just be worth the extra $ 3K over the Focus , in the meantime we're happily piling the miles on our ZX2 .
Almost 40 years old now , the Mustang is still going strong .
According to specs sells have reached over 150,000 units for 2002 alone ; people continue to flood into showrooms to get the 'best bang for their buck ' .
The Mustang for 2002 comes in 4 models , the 2 base trim lines which feature a 190 horsepower 3.8 liter engine that is offered in a convertible coupe .
The other 2 trim lines are performance models , known as the GT.
The GT features a SOHC , 4.6 liter unit , is also offered in a coupe convertible .
NOTE : There is Cobra offered this year , next year there will be a 390 horsepower , supercharged , Cobra Mustang .
Driving Impressions :
Since 1999 the Mustang GT has underwent dramatic styling , performance changes , minor interior chassis modifications .
Most people favor these changes made by Ford .
The Mustang GT longer has a 'just adequate ' 215 horse power as it did in 1996-1997 , does it have 225 horse power like it had in '98.
For the 2002 model year the Mustang GT now has an exciting 260 horsepower at 5,250 RPM , 302 lb-ft of torque with its modified 4.6 liter SOHC modular V8 . 260 horse power for a Muscle car/sports car sound 'super powerful' , especially since its rival , the Camaro Z28 has 60 more horses .
The 2002 GT does very well with the the 260 horses provided .
The 5-speed allows the driver to get the most out of this engine , although it be appreciated a silky smooth 6-speed was added to the line-up .
The considerable power increase in the mid-range after 1999 means the GT really moves !
Burnouts are almost inevitable when matched with the 5-speed manual , especially when in the hands of a driver with a heavy foot .
The top speed is reported to be near 150 MPH , but you wo n't see me driving one that fast , at least on the street .
I have only taken my friends 2002 Mustang GT Coupe ( my test machine ) out for a few runs by myself , each time it 's a blast .
I do test drive quite a few cars , out of all the cars under $ 30,000 , the 2002 GT is one of the most involving to drive , one of the fastest to boot .
The GT 's dual exhaust offers a beefy note , letting other drivers know you are in a serious muscle car .
The Mustang GT is very compliant on bumpy roads , especially for a performance natured car , does quite well in slippery conditions , thanks to its genius traction control .
A stiff chassis well-tuned suspension means the 2002 Mustang GT really takes to twisty roads with enthusiasm .
A fairly wide-track , large 17 " rims , with all season radials result in excellent stability impressively high levels of grip .
My Test car came with 4-wheel discs with 4-wheel ABS , this is standard safety equipment on all 2002 Mustangs .
Note : to get around 26 MPG with conservative driving with the 5-speed manual .
Also a 4-speed automatic transmission is optional .
About the engine : In 1996 , the Mustang GT ditched the 5.0 OHV unit , got a new engine in the form of a 4.6 liter V8 modular unit .
While rated at only 215 horse power in 1996 1997 , 225 in 1998 , the 1999-2002 Mustang GT 's offer basically the same 4.6 SOHC engine , only with 260 horse power 302 lb-ft of torque .
This welcomed increase in power is mainly because of higher lift , longer duration cams , bigger valves , a revised intake system .
The 2002 Mustang GT also got a revised suspension in 1999 , namely a wider rear track , greater suspension travel .
The 1999-2002 Mustang GT 's also have received revised shock absorbers anti roll bars to improve handling .
note : The base models equipped with the 3.8 liter engines do get this treatment .
Interior Accommodation :
The interior of the 2002 Mustang GT is very well laid out , very well equipped .
Test car came with power everything , a thick leather wrapped steering wheel , an optional 460 watt stereo system , with a 6 disc CD changer .
Some other amenities included a super cold AC , daytime running lamps , a tachometer , a theft deterrent system , tinted glass .
Ergonomics are near perfect in the 2002 GT , so is the drivers position .
The GT offers excellent visibility , easy-to-use controls , superior comfort for long journeys .
The Mustang GT 's 2 front sport bucket seats were dressed in leather boasted 6 way power .
The seats in the Front are very comfortable supportive , but because of the of leg head room in the rear , the experience is quite as positive .
The front passenger driver are given plenty of room however .
Exterior Innovation :
There really is much difference from the look of the base models , some minor cosmetic treatments , some include side hood scoops , a GT badge on the side of the car , a ' Mustang GT' badge in-graved in the rear bumper .
The front Headlights are flush , very slightly 'cat eyed' , triple taillights continue to be part of the Mustangs theme , but they now have sharper edges like the rest of the body .
A GT model will run in-between $ 22,000-$ 28,000 .
My test car has 8,000 miles on it , my friend has had to take it to the shop , but with only 8,000 miles it 's kinda hard to comment on her car 's reliability .
The GT has always been a fairly reliable car , even in its pushrod days , the GT has offered years of reliable performance , just look at all the older GT 's we see on the road .
I you ask around , I 'm guessing you will hear good news from the owners of these cars .
Ford does offer the best warranty , Ford offers a 3 year 36,000 mile bumper to bumper warranty on the GT.
Final Notes :
It takes a certain type of person to appreciate the Mustang GT , you are into high revving 4-cylinders this is definitely your car .
The 2002 GT offers excellent muscle accommodation at an excellent price .
you liked this review , you also like to read my review on the Mustang 's rival , the Camaro Z28
-Happy Car Shopping !
For 2002 , Acura gives the Type-S treatment to its formerly bland TL sedan .
Now you don't have to buy a coupe to get the 260 horsepower engine , 17" wheels , sportier interior that have made the CL Type-S so popular .
With a price of $ 31,700 , the TL Type-S continues Acura's "more stuff for less money " strategy .
The TL Type-S offers more power more room for much less money than a BMW 330i Lexus IS300 .
Does this make it a genuine bargain among sports sedans ?
Since this is the category I am personally most interested in , I took an extended test drive to find out .
Styling Accommodations
But maybe it was just the fussy wheels that came with the basic TL its first few years .
The Type-S's larger , thick-spoked wheels bring out the slightly aggressive quality previously hidden in the TL's angular lines .
While the car is still short of striking , in this incarnation I easily live with it .
The TL's interior has always been a great place to sit .
The front seats are very supportive , with excellent lateral .
A bump on the leading edge of the cushion provides better than average but still ideal thigh .
The interior details added by the Type-S,champagne instrument faces , perforations in the leather , , with the ebony interior , smoke-colored simulated wood,lend a sporty look to the excellent interior of the standard TL.
I personally prefer lighter-colored interiors .
One problem with this in the Type-S is that the parchment interior has the standard simulated wood .
Its shade is far too orange for my taste .
there is a ton of it .
The trunk is at best average in size on paper but fairly large usefully shaped .
Unfortunately , the rear seats do fold down .
Only a pass through is provided .
On the Road
anything the tuning of the throttle torque converter are too aggressive , as I chirped the tires at only part throttle a few times .
The manual feature of the standard automatic transmission is easy to use , reacts as quickly as most of these .
I used it to hold second third while aggressively driving the curvy roads in an industrial park .
Alas , one is offered , a shock given the fact that Honda once sold most of its cars with manuals .
Update : It Acura is going to make a real manual available later in the year in the CL-S , maybe later in the TL-S.
I 'll be sure to test it once it 's available .
To this point I'm very pleased with the car .
Unfortunately , in the areas of ride handling it has a number of major flaws .
Torque steer often rears its ugly head .
When accelerating , the front end feels light the steering gets squirrelly .
There are some good aspects of the handling .
The tires stick well , when accelerating the steering provides good feedback .
The stability control does cut in too early , unlike most such systems .
But the TL Type-S remains less than eager to turn in .
It the tossable present in a BMW 3-Series , even in my lowly Ford Contour .
It is that channeling a ton power through the front wheels has its trade-offs .
The 2002 Maxima I30 will be similarly powerful .
I'm now eager to see they will have the same problems .
All of this is nothing compared to the ride .
It's just plain awful , worse than anything I've driven in recent memory .
The Type-S reacted sharply to just about every imperfection it encountered in the road .
Back then , GM that a performance suspension had to ride like hell , those in its sedans did .
Given the degree of jittering I sensed , I that the TL's structure is also more flexible than most in this class , further degrading the ride .
this translated to phenomenal handling , it almost be forgivable , but it does n't , so it is n't .
All of the competition rides better , most of it handles better as well .
Update : Xorg in his own excellent review says that the hard ride I experienced be caused by overinflated tires .
They ship at 40 psi ( as is standard practice for all cars--reduces bouncing on the rail car truck ) sometimes the dealers forget to deflate them to 32 psi .
You 'd that when I complained about the ride the salespeople have checked this .
But that 's assuming they have brains ...
At any rate , when you test drive this car be sure to have the tire pressure checked .
It significantly affect your evaluation of the car .
They also felt the car did handle all that well .
People see the horsepower price tag of this car , consciously unconsciously , they reject any evidence that this car have some weaknesses .
Sorry to burst your bubble .
A 260 horsepower engine 17" performance tires do a BMW killer make , even the price to be amazingly low .
The basic car , derived from the Accord , is simply up to this mission .
Given the pattern of the car's faults , I'm beginning to wonder Honda hired all of those engineers that took early retirement from GM in the early 90s .
It's a shame , because the world really needs a great high performance sedan for around $ 30,000 .
Is anyone listening ?
Till then looks like the best bet is a used 3 , for less money but also less refinement ( sometimes chassis imperfections are fun ) , a Nissan Maxima
Acura's decision to junk real model names in favor of two-letter designations did n't help .
But now they've found a new formula , it to be working for them .
Like the successful 1999 redesign of the TL , with which it shared a Honda Accord-based chassis , the 2001 CL Type S came standard with everything a navigation system ( even a Bose sound system with a six-disk in-dash CD changer ! ) .
Nothing significant has changed for 2002 .
The most notable standard feature is a 3.2 liter six the produces 260 horsepower at a high but still accessible 6100 RPM.
This is 35 more than the 225 of the standard CL of the new 3.0 liter in the roughly $ 10,000 more expensive BMW 330Ci .
Only one transmission is available : a five speed automatic .
in an attempt to placate those who wonder where the manual is , this automatic comes even in the regular CL with a "sequential sportshift , " which supposedly offers the control of a manual the bother of a clutch .
Update : For 2003 a manual is finally available in the CL-S.
I have driven this car , posted a review of it under the listing for the 2003 CL-S here : http ://www.epinions.com/content
So the CL Type S poses as a serious yet much less expensive challenger to the BMW 330Ci .
Does it really measure up ?
To find out , I took one for a drive .
Styling
The more serious mission of the second-generation CL is evident in its styling .
The first CL was attractive , even pretty .
But the styling of the first CL did exude substance luxury .
Its styling connoted playfulness , lightness , agility .
Yet , despite some of the flavor of the late BMW 6-series , it did n't have the look of a serious luxury car .
Acura has fixed this with the new car .
Though roughly the same size,the largest dimensional change is a two inch increase in length,the new car much larger .
This is largely the result of shrinking the greenhouse bulking up the body .
Though similar in size , the new car is about 500 lbs .
heavier .
What designers refer to as the DLO ( for daylight opening , the side window outline ) is strikingly similar to the last Nissan 240SX , which to stand out against other coupes in the marketplace .
Where the old DLO curved up quite a bit towards the rear , the new one curves subtly down .
The rear end of the car is longer strongly tapered .
It now looks much like that of many other cars .
I personally lament these styling changes .
But I admit they make grant the new CL a much more substantial , more serious , considerably more luxurious appearance .
To hammer this message home the CL Type S rides on 17" wheels with a strong five-spoke design .
On the inside the serious performance message is conveyed by perforated leather , metallic gray gauge faces , , with the ebony interior , "black wood . "
( The parchment interior comes with the brown wood of the standard CL. )
The last , similar in appearance to that found in high performance Jags Mercedes , covers large portions of the door panels center console .
you want still more of it , the dealer add a piece around the instruments .
How Acura afford such extravagance in a $ 30,000 automobile ?
Easy : unlike that in the European brands this "wood " is plastic .
Especially those who dislike the trendier gray variety .
Accommodations
The view forward is especially nice , with the steering wheel well below even a short driver's field of vision .
I like to see the instruments , but I mostly want to see OUT.
Though the side windows are much shorter than in the old CL , the beltline is uncomfortably high , about on par with the BMW.
The front seats only look impressive but are very comfortable hold you in place very well due to their large bolsters .
They are slightly softer than the traditionally hard ( though still comfortable ) seats in the BMW.
My only complaint about the driving position is that the steering wheel feels a bit close .
Though the Acura is over a foot longer a few hundred pounds heavier than the BMW, simply feels like a significantly larger car , it is similarly tight in the rear seat .
Though I'm only 5'9" , I barely fit in the rear seat behind a similarly sized driver .
the extra length weight went towards the flowing exterior lines rather than the interior .
At least it is easy to get into the rear seats compared to other coupes .
The CL does pretend to seat five : the center of the rear seat is occupied by a storage console .
The major problem with the rear seat is that it does fold down,there is only a pass-through behind the armrest .
The BMW does offer this feature .
I personally want a car it unless I planned to use it to carry moderately large objects .
In both of the cars I own the rear seat folds down , I've used this feature many times to carry large objects such as book cases cribs .
The Type S's throttle is tuned to make the car jump the moment you tip into the throttle .
This is both good bad .
It conveys the capabilities of the car .
But it also makes a smooth , subtle launch difficult .
Your passengers you 're having trouble growing up .
Then again , this be the image you are after .
Give it gas , the engine immediately responds .
This engine does n't only make 35 more horsepower on the high end , 500 RPM further up the tach .
It also has a higher , flatter torque curve through the mid-range , so it will stronger even in relaxed driving .
The torque peak is 16 lbs.-ft .
higher , is reached 1200 RPM sooner .
This paradox is made by a sophisticated two-stage manifold found in the standard CL.
As a further bonus , the Type S engine earned the same EPA numbers as the 225 horsepower one : 19/29 .
Honda certainly has a way with engines .
I add that the engine also makes nice sounds .
When pushed , it does attempt to be silent .
Fortunately , the mellow growl at high RPM connotes refined power .
Anyone interested in this type of car will rev the engine from time to time just to hear it burble .
I really wish a manual transmission were available in this car .
It also make the car more fun to drive , at least for me .
This allows you to quickly easily control which gear you are in .
But , at least for me , nothing replace the responsiveness "at one with the car " feeling you get from a good clutch manual shifter .
As I 've already mentioned , this wish has now been granted .
In my review of the 2003 I describe the happy results .
The key difference between this car the BMW is that this car , due to its Accord roots , is front-wheel-drive .
Generally , channeling a great deal of power through the front wheels results in torque steer : the car pulls to one side during hard acceleration .
Remarkably for such a powerful front driver , torque steer is all but .
Under hard acceleration the steering acquired an additional degree of stiffness ( partly an artifact of the way the variable assist is set up ) , but it did tug to one side the other .
Many other car companies study this car to figure out how this was done .
Though weight distribution is far from even , understeer in hard turns is moderate ( though always present ) .
The nicely-tuned suspension , despite tires with only a 215 mm cross-section , sticks very well .
The front-drive layout , matter how well it is tuned , simply does allow the kind of power-on oversteer that readily be had in the BMW.
Otherwise this is a fine chassis .
I felt more cosseted than connected .
For those who really like to make a car dance , I am among these , I'd still recommend finding the additional cash for the BMW.
But most people shopping these cars will find the Acura's chassis more than sufficient for how they typically drive .
But when the car is driven in a spirited manner , steering jumps all over the map , going heavy , then light , then suddenly heavy again , sometimes within the span of a few seconds .
Over most surfaces the CL Type-S rides quite well , especially considering the capabilities of its chassis .
I've noticed this characteristic in some other cars with low-profile tires .
I personally this is an unnecessary trade-off to make to get that final bit of steering response .
I have driven the standard CL , so I only guess at how it compares .
The extra power of the Type S sounds nice , 260 is a big number , but make such a large difference in actual driving .
I urge buyers to drive both CLs make this judgement for themselves .
In the end I was impressed by the CL Type S , but in love with it .
It's a matter of personal preference .
It certainly appeals to me more than the Toyota Solara , its closest competitor in terms of features price , even some more expensive coupes such as the Volvo C70 .
This is a lot of coupe for the money , it has a number of strengths .
But you want the most enjoyable coupe to drive , with other factors being secondary , the BMW, even the less powerful 325Ci , remains a better choice due to its superior steering handling .
It 's even close .
The new Eclipse GT continues the Galant-platform front-wheel drive coupe ' ethos of the Eclipse , but any real sporting edge .
, the current top-end Eclipses are basically family sedans with a body kit .
Platform cars be good - witness the top-end Golf-platform Audi TTs .
The Eclipse however makes too many practicality sacrifices for appearance , too few for performance .
A heavy car for a front-driver , the GT dynos about 50 horses short of the crankshaft power output claimed .
( c .
147 for autos , 160 so for manuals . )
Considering the car weighs over 3100 pounds , the GS' indifferent four-pot mill is hardly worth considering .
Better straight-line performance cornering thrills be obtained from a cooking Mazda MP3 , saving the driver $ 7,000 , gaining in rear seat room .
While arguably resisting understeer better than some older Eclipse front-drivers , the inherent of grip of the FWD drivetrain simply does n't work when married to an overweight platform , soft springing that exacerbates weight transfer away from the drive wheels .
Cornering in the dry on stock rubber similarly brings out the of corner-exit drive , a sinking feeling as applying power has the nose of the car heading for hedges low-flying pedestrians .
while queasy , low-speed four-wheel drift feels fun in a Subaru Impreza , two-wheel drive wheelspin impresses no-one .
So as a performance vehicle , the Eclipse is a lousy effort .
For example : the Civic Type R; the Renault Clio 172 .
The handling setup has its good points .
The car won't tramline noticeably , its soft , reasonably damped suspension is effective at insulating the driver from poor road surfaces .
While the nose of the car will push horribly wide is difficult to place accurately ( even throttle-understeer ) in sub-50 mph cornering , the steering setup gives a strong on-center with considerable stability , the vehicle will track straight with a bare touch , - on the wheel .
In faster corners , the car is pleasant predictable , like a good mid-size family sedan , though the V6 needs attention to stay in the upper reaches of the rev-range meaningful drive is to be made .
Brakes powerful , slightly over-servo'd at low speeds ( like most cars ) , but above 70mph are less good .
Worse , the soft springs encourage the back to pass the front hard braking is attempted from high speeds , especially on mild uphill inclines .
The exhaust system has obviously been tuned to give it its mellow burble , much quieter less Harley-like than a Ford pushrod V6 , just off idle .
The manual transmission's slight notchiness is hidden by a solid , heavily-weighted throw that gives it a "quality " , though one conducive to the fastest upshifts .
Combine the substantial of the shifts with the excellent engine note , solid , meaty steering reasonably powerful brakes , , the overall impression is one of distinctly non-agricultural engineering .
Surfaces are substantially less "plasticy " than the new Celica's , with interesting shapes flowing , well coordinated lines , while being more adventurous than the likes of the new Impreza .
Leather , though exactly top-quality extensively used , is infinitely preferable to the cheap 혩n nasty Mitsubishi cloth .
The Japanese really leave velour to Saab , who know how to make it work .
Interior room , though limited in the back , is decent .
As with many such 3-doors , it 's always better for the front-seaters , bad elsewhere There is a distinct of headroom for any drivers over 6 feet tall ( strange , given the target market ) , but windscreen rake is less aggressive than the atrocious Mustang , even the Volvo V70 .
However the of headroom the large blind spot rear pillars simply worsen the inherently poor all-around visibility .
Reverse parking is quite tough unless seat belts are released , the head is stuck right out of the window .
Visibility down the nose is average sub-average for tall drivers , who will have to keep their seat pretty close to the floor .
you want to avoid side-swiping people , headrests be kept firmly in their stowed position at all times .
It's a heavy car , with handsome looks , an engaging ( over-powerful ) big-hearted engine , a good ( factory option ) premium sound system , a solid at the controls , good long-distance comfort decent luggage space for 2.
you like performance , you'll more prefer the raw uncontrollability of a true modern muscle-car , the precision ability of modern compacts like the RSX Impreza .
The 2002 Acura 3.2CL is an all-around car .
Exterior
One look at this car , this section of the review speaks for itself !
The curves of this car truly makes one drool upon the sight of it .
All in all , the car is very well modeled , especially with the dual exhaust in the back , allowing for a nice symmetry .
The curvature of this car also facilitates the washing of the car , since curves are much easier to get around than corners .
One ask for a more well-equipped interior than the one Acura provides you with .
Because the car is coupe , the driver passenger 's seats are designed to be much more comfortable , than say - a sedan .
This is definitely evidenced by this vehicle .
The driver passenger 's seats are both somewhat deep bucket seats that allow you to sit snugly in the seats being overly comfortable .
However , I have sat in the back , just for a trip .
It the back use a little more leg room , but this of course only depends on the seating of the driver and/or passenger .
Regardless , the seats in the back are rather comfortable .
I have also been told this by my passengers .
Of course , you do intend on having more than 1 passenger in your car at a time , you want to consider the Acura TL - the CL , just with 4 doors , pretty much .
Handling
The handling on the CL is pretty decent .
It drives very smoothly , but a bit heavily .
you're the type who speeds excessively around corners enjoys being thrown into your door armrest around these turns , you consider another vehicle , such as the Lexus IS300 , Subaru Impreza WRX , other competing models .
It does n't exactly have the fastest acceleration of its competing models , but it 's pretty decent , provided the car's weight ( 3485 lbs .
, with Navigation ; , 3470 lbs ) .
All in all , the handling of this car is pretty good , unless you're one with a passion for speed hard cornering .
Features
The 3.2CL is equipped with pretty much everything standard , which I is a big advantage of owning this car .
Navigation/GPS ( optional )
The GPS ( Global Positioning System ) is exceptional on this vehicle .
It is a touch-screen navigation system , which makes it much more convenient than some of the current navigation systems that are on the market .
Many require the use of a small knob-like object to select your choice , which make typing in long addresses a hassle .
However , you do prefer the "joystick " style knob , that is available as well .
The navigation system is pretty concise .
In addition , you select places by their name , it sort the places by distance , so forth .
This is an all-around comprehensive system that covers all aspects of navigation GPS.
The navigation unit/screen also controls the A/C air flow of the car , you want A/C itself on , the speed at which the fan is blown .
This feature is extremely necessary , but it does add a nice touch to the "high-techness " of this car .
Also , you are using the navigation A/C controls at the time , it display the time for you set in a background of stars .
This is a con because there are other points on the car in which it displays time , making the driver , who always races against time , have to make an extra effort to sometimes lean over to the right to check out the time .
This be a safety hazard , for those seconds trying to find the time be seconds spent surveying the road ahead .
Basically , navigation is all a personal choice .
It's just up to the buyer he is willing to shell out approximately $ 2000 for something he she need , depending on amount of travel sense of direction .
Maybe you get it to show off , you are the conceited type : ) .
Safety wise , the navigation system is n't much of a distraction , unless you are constantly looking at inputting things into the screen .
Music
The Bose system in the car ( standard ) is pretty decent .
It delivers a adequate bass , though I it use a little more bass , another woofer .
All in all , however , the sound quality is pretty good , is suitable for most types of music .
A nice feature to its sound system is the 6 disc in-dash CD changer .
This is a very nice convenient feature for you don't have to go to the trunk to change the CDs , like in many other CD equipped vehicles .
Overall , Bose equips the CL with a pretty nice system , though a pinch of bass always be added .
Additional Features
TCS , Traction Control System , This feature keeps your car "straight " sliding spinning after those fast sharp curves .
TCS , others like it , with other cars , always be when purchasing any vehicle .
"Automatic" Seats , This is a very nice feature .
Because this car is a coupe it seats 4 , it is pretty obvious that the front seats have to move forward in order for the rear passengers to get in the vehicle .
However , most of the time , you have to lift up a lever near the bottom of the seat manually push it forward .
the case with the CL.
In the CL , you simply give the lever on the side of the seat a little push , the seatback will fold down , the seat will come forward automatically , giving the rear passengers entry .
Then , after the rear passengers are in , you simply push the seatback back , the seat moves back to its original position .
This function is very nifty , efficient , saves the energy of those who constantly have multiple passengers .
Sequential SportShift , Many current cars now carry this feature , though each has its own name .
It's for the driver who has interest in learning how to drive manual transmission , the one who prefers automatic , but likes the of a manual .
I personally have driven a manual , but people who have say the SportShift is nothing like driving real manual .
It like its just a cool little useless feature that give the driver a bit of power when he she downshifts .
I personally have really had the chance to take a ride in SportShift mode , but when I do , I will post an update !
Sure , the CL has SportShift , but it the manual transmission , desired by those "hardcore " drivers who really like to get the most from a car .
On the right-hand side , there are buttons that control Cruise Control , which are also easy to get to .
Automatic power window , Like many cars nowadays , this car has the Automatic window function , however only on the driver's window .
The passenger window is like any old power window though .
HID ( High Intensity Discharge )/Xenon lights , This , I , is a very considerate of Acura to include standard .
These lights provide a brighter , whiter light that allows the driver to fully see the road while driving in the dark .
Though you know/have known the name of these lights , you know what I'm talking about , when you're driving down the road , seeing all these continuous yellow lights , then one , which is n't yellow , all of a sudden catches your eye .
It has a slight blue tint to it , it really stands out .
I consider Acura very considerate to include these because on many luxury cars , it 's still an option .
Also , it enhances safety for the driver , his her passengers , other drivers on the road .
The specifications conveniences of this car are practically endless .
Please visit Acura at www.acura.com
request a brochure you wish .
through updates , I add what features conveniences I find to be worthy of posted .

In , this car is worth its every penny , because it comes very loaded with everything standard .
you're looking for a combination of performance , luxury , convenience , this is the car for you !
However , you're looking more into performance , are willing to shell out a few more thousands , then I maybe consider Lexus's IS300 .
Competing Models
you are interested in this car , I recommend you also check out its competing models , as I don't really know your tastes interests in vehicles .
Though it looks to be styled towards a younger generation , it still is an awesome car , despite that it be a bit more since everything is standard with the IS300 , like it is with the CL.
there's any specific item you like me to review about the CL , please post a comment free to e-mail me at chineze@tampabay .rr.com !
~Asian-Playa 12.31.01
 New Year ! 
But , my husband 's white 2002 Ford Taurus SE is bland , chintzy , nothing to be proud of .
With that said , I have nothing against Ford the Taurus for that matter .
But , the fact remains that the auto giant made very few ( any ) improvements over the 1999 SE model .
They have a built-in audience that will buy a Ford Taurus regardless of higher quality similarly priced competition ( like my own lovely 2002 Chevrolet Impala LS ) .
THE EXTERIOR
It in fact is a combination of the more popular earlier boxier Taurus lines the style popularized a few years back by creative Japanese auto manufacturers .
The side panels are relatively blah , while the back front are slightly attractive .
As with the 1999 model , the vehicle has some issues with aerodynamics .
The car have been tested further in the wind tunnel .
Why ?
Upon sitting down in the bland medium-gray interior , the first thing that struck me was that it looks feels cheaply made .
Considering the fact that the car retails for over $ 20K , this is n't a good thing .
Fortunately for Ford , the console is nicely arranged be accessed easily by the driver .
The already uncomfortable seats have features to speak of .
Aside from that , the 2002 Taurus SE lumbar any of the other perks that are sometimes available .
With an adequate 17 square foot trunk , there is plenty of room in the Taurus .
The trunk is rather thick , though is when it comes to deepness ( extending toward the rear seats ) .
The rear seats are fixed be folded down in any way to allow for added capacity .
This is a major flaw in the design .
The SE model we have came with a CD player with average speakers real bonuses .
There is n't anything special to speak of about the temperature controls aside from saying , "yes , there is in fact air conditioning . "
memory serves , I do that the 1999 Taurus SE at least featured that luxury .
Other standard features include power windows , mirrors , brakes keyless entry .
Just do n't any good surprises .
This is a pretty stripped down car .
THE DRIVING EXPERIENCE
I will admit that I 'm jaded because of the 2002 Chevy Impala LS.
That car has a lot of energy , pick up , is easy to drive .
The 2002 Taurus SE on the other hand feels like a dog .
Once you get up to speed , the car functions decently , though perfectly .
Passing is a laborious process .
What I say is at least the brakes work well on both highways city roads .
The steering wheel-mounted cruise control is easy to use functions pretty well .
Just a tiny tap of the brakes the cruise immediately shuts off .
So far as gas mileage , to get an average of just over 20 miles per gallon ( despite Ford's claims of higher ) .
As compared to my Impala ( with a much larger engine ) that 's too good .
That larger vehicle gets about 25 miles to the gallon on average .
The Taurus ' smallish engine in reality be more efficient .
So , basically , you get a low energy car with iffy gas mileage .
Is this car sounding good to you yet ?
I .
FINAL ASSESSMENT
When compared to the earlier style model , the 2002 Taurus SE looks nicer from the outside though it took a big step back with the interior .
At well over $ 20,000 for this car , it 's a good buy .
It really is a disappointing vehicle .
Driving the Mustang with its hard seats , of lumbar a hard as a rock suspension is like riding a real mustang you will get saddle sores .
I looked over the field before I bought the Mustang it had the power edge .
However , all that changed when I realized that I spend very little time looking at the car a lot of time being beaten to death by it on the road .
It is also very loud inside the car .
I barely hear the stereo at cruise .
There is a lot of rear end whine .
It sounds like a big rig is passing me but there is truck there .
It was n't long before I was wishing I had bought the Celica .
The Celica is much more quality oriented , the ride is smoother the image that I am a redneck idiot .
Ford Focus Hatchback 2002 .
At first glance looking at the front end of the Ford Focus Hatchback looks like a regular Ford vehicle but as you proceed to look at the rest of the Focus , you will notice it has a very particular look .
The Focus Hatchback looks as Ford designers started putting this car together by throwing away all the basic rules about designing a car .
It is well equipped for those who wants to load it up Ford will offer you an excellent selection of options for your driving pleasure .
The interior of the focus is very spacious this is due to the raised roofline at the front .
Also you appreciate the extra wide doors which make entering exiting much easier .
Also I noticed that the controls most often used are placed in a manner that they are much easier to locate than the ones used regularly .
The exterior look of this car is certainly where it stand out from other compact cars .
I guess only time will tell about the acceptance of this new style .
I had the opportunity to rent the Focus during a recent visit to the Vietnam War Memorial in Washington DC .
When I made my reservation , I asked the car rental company they had any available they did .
The first thing I noticed was how well the interior exterior colors really complimented each other 's , the car really looked good .
During the weekend I mostly did city driving it almost made driving around in a strange city a pleasure .
The Ford Focus I rented was equipped as follows .
The Engine was a 4 Cylinder , 2.0 Liters DOHC Zetec engine with 130 Horsepower .
As for the fuel economy it gets 25 MPH in the city 33 on the highway .
The curb weight of the Focus hatchback is 2,551 Lbs .
The Ford Focus hatchback is an interesting pleasant car to drive .
I had the opportunity to drive it for two full days even it is a compact , I did cooped in uncomfortable at all in the Focus .
During its introduction in 1992 as a '93 model , Nissan boasted all sorts of things about the 'new ' Altima .
Some advertisements had the audacity to claim that the 1993 Altima looked like a Jaguar .
Do n't ask me what Jaguar looks like a Nissan Altima , but the person who made that AD knew something I did n't was in need of prescription glasses .
The 1993 Nissan Altima had many flaws , so did the 2nd generation .
Finally , I Nissan really has what it takes , with the 3rd generation Altima to be one of America 's top 3 best sellers .
Driving Impressions :
The 2002 Nissan Altima comes in 4 trim lines , the 2.5 , the 2.5 S , the 2.5 SL , the 3.5 SE.
The 2.5 , 16 valve , DOHC 4-cylinder is loads more refined over its predecessor .
Hesitation is longer an issue like it was in the 1st 2nd generation models .
My test Car was a 2.5 S , which offered adequate-borderline strong engine performance .
Even with the 4-speed optional automatic transmission ( a 5 speed is standard ) the car moved from the light with fuss whatsoever , with a slight sporting growl from the single , dual tipped , Exhaust pipe .
Torque for this engine comes in at 181 lb-ft at a relatively low 4,000 RPM , so hill climbing passing large trucks are accomplished with much less strain than most family cars that are powered by naturally aspirated powered 4-cylinder engines .
Cruising was also very refined , as quiet as a V6 Accord , but the driver is in a totally hushed environment while cruising at 65 MPH ; given a well built freeway .
Handling is a shade more refined over the 2nd generation models , but do n't to see too much improvement , which is ok , because the Nissan Altima has always been a good car on the twistys .
My test car came with 4 wheel disc brakes with 4 wheel ABS , which assured excellent braking .
This set-up of course was an option , so unless you are willing to pay the cash , you will see the ABS. 4 wheel Discs although are standard equipment .
The Chevrolet Impala is heavier , has more horse power , has a bigger engine , less technology , yet gets better gas mileage , what gives ? ?
All 2002 Nissan Altima 's ride on a 110 " wheelbase , this is around 7 " longer than its predecessor .
The overall length of the car is also longer , measuring around 192" .
The suspension consists of struts coil springs .
Interior Innovation :
The interior while being as refined as many other cars on the market , having as much standard equipment , was quite surprising .
The dash is a little on the cheap-o material side , but did come with a tachometer a optional trip computer .
I actually found the interior of the Hyundai Elantra GT , Kia Sedona to be much more accommodating .
This option came with a convenience package .
For the entire package , which also included AC , cruise control , power everything , remote keyless entry with leather trimmed seats came close to adding on 3 grand to the sticker price .
Speaking of seats , they were both supportive comfortable , the driver seat was 8 way power , the rear seats were of the 60/40 split variety which folded down .
I give you a comment of the ease of doing that , but I did get the chance for conversion .
The interior is very spacious , much larger than the 1st 2nd generation Altima 's .
Exterior Innovation :
The exterior ( all new for 2002 ) is much more sleek/sporty over its predecessor .
The 2002 Nissan Altima is fitted with flush mounted headlamps with see-through effects , are slightly 'cat eyed ' to give a modern appearance .
The same theme is incorporated with the rear lights , only are more triangular .
The 2002 Altima is very 'cab forward , ' a new theme by any means , I the 1986 Ford Taurus was one of the first designs to be 'cab forward . '
From the side of the Altima you will undoubtedly notice that the rear is higher than the front , will notice the sloping roofline .
This car is the sexiest Altima yet !
For 2002 , a base Nissan Altima will run you around $ 15,000 with just standard equipment .
With options however the price rises quite dramatically , the price on my test car was just over $ 20,000 , this was even the 3.5 SE model .
Both the 2.5 liter 4 banger , the V6 are both new for 2002 so it 's way too early to comment on reliability , but anything happens to your car at the manufactures fault , it 's covered under a , 3 year 36,000 bumper to bumper warranty a 5 year 60,000 mile powertrain warranty .
Why anyone want to buy this car ?
for memory /heated seats , xenon headlamps 4 pieces of plastic "wood " everything else is offered in the less expensive Accord .
Well , everything but the engine ....
This is an ultra responsive engine .
In enhancing this engine , Acura liberally borrowed a host of technologies from the NSX Honda Racing design pool .
it shows ... the acceleration is strong linear .
It will beat out an Audi S4 Tiptronic at the least hang with it .
Its performance becomes more like a lofty cruiser .
Now , although the engine is truly superb the body is terrible .
What a shame !
Driving it in its present form makes the chassis beg for mercy .
I rather drive the 200 HP Accord V6 than this .
The immense amount of power mated with the front wheel drive creates lots of torque steer ( which Acura 'claims ' it has eliminated but that is just press hype ) .
the car that I was driving , with exactly 3700 miles , was rattling like an old clunker .
Many people will that just because it has 260HP makes it a sports car .
Hell no!
The handling characteristics of a car are of prime importance this car will qualify for the sports car/sedan moniker .
Sorry !
I do know this is by design but whatever , it looks terrible !
Ergonomics are average but excellent .
I was able to fit two drinks in there ...the handrest the shifter gets in the way .
Poorly designed .
Also , the sunroof switches are hidden on the dash of by the sunroof !
At another time when I wanted to get a plant into the trunk I because the rear seatback is bolted on does fold down .
Also , although it is longer than an Accord , interior room is less because of some wierd design cues .
This car has redeeming qualities at all is a complete waste of money .
I just buy the Accord V6 save the extra bucks .
you want a real fun to drive sports sedan spend the extra $ $ $ buy a BMW 3 series .
You get a fully loaded pre-owned 3 series with very low miles for within this price range .
All good things cost money : ) It has the best safety in its class , handles like its on rails has drop dead gorgeous styling .
An alternative , although expensive , is the Audi S4 .
Acura were to offer a higher priced pure performance-oriented version of this model for driving enthusiasts - with AWD , 245/45R18 tires , more comfortable seats to compensate for the stiff suspension , improved braking , real wood trim , 6-speed manual , reduce length to 186-188 " while maintaining interior room improve the sedate styling , this attract a lot of attention seriously compete with bonafide sports cars like the Audi S4 .
Let me start by saying that I'm a "car person" .
I view driving as a necessary evil , a car is just the thing that I sit in while I am forced to drive .
When it 's time for me to buy a car I figure out my price range , look in Consumer Reports to see which cars in that range get the best ratings for safety reliability , then pick the ones that look good to test drive .
That being said let me tell you that I absolutely love my 2002 Nissan Altima !
I've owned the car for almost three months now , I'm still as excited about it as I was when I drove it off the dealer's lot .
I'm almost embarrassed to admit this , but there are times when I'm in the garage that I have to stop what I'm doing just so that I take a moment to admire my car .
I have even stopped in parking lots said to myself "Wow !
That's a good looking car ! " only to realize that it 's mine !
this car get me excited , it 's definitely worth writing about !
Before I get into the details , please know that I don't know much about engines , suspension systems , brakes .
I can't explain the technical workings of the car .
Luckily , you don't need me for that .
The Nissan Website http ://www.nissanusa.com/vehicles/ModelHomePage/0,9438,20700,00.html
your local dealer give you plenty of technical information ( note that the website now details the 2003 Altima ) .
What I share is my own unique experiences with the car , why I am so thrilled with my choice , the few things that Nissan do to make next year's model even better .
I got my drivers license at 17 , but did n't own a car until I moved to Florida at the tender age of 32 .
At the time , my employer was paying for the car , so I leased .
The Integra had only four cylinders , sometimes while merging onto highways it gave me cause to pray !
I turned in the Integra bought a Honda Accord V6 .
Meanwhile , my husband had been driving "Denty" .
Denty was our 1989 Nissan Maxima .
The car was n't beautiful , but it gave us a moment of engine trouble .
The entire driver's side was smashed .
Denty had some "issues " after the accident , only three doors worked , only one window worked , the air conditioned sometimes got temperamental , the sun visor had been ripped out , but the engine was a finely tuned machine !
When a fender-bender finally "killed " Denty at 180,000 miles , we were completely sold on Nissan as the maker of reliable cars .
We went to look at new Nissans .
The Altima , on the other hand , looked great !
I remember the first time I saw the new Altima .
I loved the silhouette of the car , the shape of the tail lights .
The car looked large comfortable , yet sleek sporty .
The price range on the new Altima , however , was outrageous , with sticker prices starting under $ 17,000 top of the line models selling in the low $ 30,000s .
Quite frankly , I was confused .
Altima offers 3 basic models :
The 2.5 S is the basic car .
It boasts a 175 horse power engine , 4-cylinders , cloth seats , AM/FM/CD Audio system , air conditioning keyless remote .
Consumers seeking to enhance this basic model purchase the "convenience package " which gives them 16" alloy wheels , 8-way power driver's seat adjustments , manual lumbar adjustment , leather-wrapped steering wheel , steering wheel mounted audio trip controls , automatic on/off headlights , a security system , some other minor convenience items .
The SL model is also 4 cylinders , comes standard with all of the items in the convenience package , as well as leather seats , the Homelink Universal Transceiver , a Bose stereo with 6-CD Changer .
Finally there is the 3.5 SE model which features a 3.5 liter V-6 engine .
Strangely , this "top of the line " model does come standard with many of the luxury convenience items included in the SL.
These other features be added on , but that is what drives the price on the 6-cylinder model into the Maxima price range .
I that Nissan designed the packages to be confusing to force consumers to buy features that they don't really want .
It's a great system , it will frustrate many buyers .
I can't defend Nissan's marketing strategy , I will try to provide the details for all of these packages .
Again , the website sales brochure spell out all of the options for you .
Initially , the new car was going to be for my husband .
I had problems with the price of those cars .
Then , the salesman told us that the 4 cylinder Altima had more horse power than my ?
Accord , that pick up be an issue .
All of a sudden we had the opportunity to purchase a great looking , less expensive car that that offered great gas mileage that save me gas money on my long commute to work
I ended up buying a 4-cylinder SL model .
It's lovely - silver paint with black racing stripes , black leather seats , sun roof , leather-wrapped steering wheel .
I love the Bose stereo with 6-CD changer !
I can't do things drive at the same time .
Can't drink coffee , talk on the cell phone , change CDs .
With the 6-cd changer steering wheel mounted radio controls , I have easy access to many music radio choices , the Bose system sounds great ( I even that my singing has improved since I got the Bose , but you'll have to take my word for that ) .
I am very pleased with the way the car handles .
I have problems accelerating onto the highway stopping on short notice .
The car rides smoothly comfortably .
It's fast peppy .
I have heard some complaints about the seat comfort , but I am satisfied .
I am short raise the seat to its highest height to be comfortable , but the driver's side seat has 8 way electronic adjustments , it is easy for me to find a comfortable driving position .
of these have changed my decision to buy the car , but there certainly is room for some small improvements .
1 ) The center console / arm rest : The arm rest is set further back than in most cars which makes the front seats roomier .
There is a button that you pop to push the arm-rest forward so that it actually be used as an arm rest .
I the mechanism is a bit flimsy , the design a little bit silly .
Maybe a taller person actually use the arm rest , but I can't .
In its defense , the arm rest opens into two separate compartments that are useful .
2 ) Power outlet covers : In the deeper section of the center console there is a power outlet .
This is a second outlet ( there is one on the dash ) , it is a nice feature for someone who want to charge a cell-phone but keep it hidden from view .
One thing that I don't like is that the outlet covers are attached , therefore , be easily lost .
I that Nissan attach them so that when the outlet is in use , the covers will stay nearby .
3 ) Sun visors : The Sun visors are poorly placed too close to the rear-view mirror so that the sun shine in from the sides .
There are visor extenders , but they are useable since they hit block the rear-view mirror .
Nissan moved the visors out , away from the center , the visors be more effective in blocking the sun , the extenders be used when needed .
4 ) Location of the hazard light button : The hazard light switch is poorly placed low on the dashboard towards the passenger's side .
we're lucky , we don't need to use our hazards often , at least in dangerous emergency situations .
Here in Florida , however , we often get horrific rain storms that reduce visibility on the highway .
Everyone uses hazards in those storms to help other cars see them .
I want the hazard light button to be in a spot that is easy to reach .
I'd like to see Nissan move the switch higher up closer to the driver's side .
5 ) Cup Holders : The cup holder is in front of the center console .
It is big roomy accommodate two large cups bottles .
I like the overall design , but I that Nissan needs to offer some sort of inset to raise smaller cups up make the holders more user friendly .
6 ) Glasses Holder : The car comes with a built in glasses-holder above the rear-view mirror .
I also had this in the Honda , I really like this feature .
The holder in the Altima is designed with a door that folds down to access the glasses .
When the door is down , it completely blocks the rearview mirror .
Granted , the door does stay down for long , but this is a poor design .
The glasses holder in the Honda rolled open into itself , so that it blocked the driver's view of the road mirrors .
I that Nissan will adopt a similar design for future models .
7 ) Side View Mirrors : The side view mirrors are slightly small taper at the outside .
The car does have fairly significant blind-spots , I that larger mirrors help eliminate the need for the driver to "bend crane " before making lane changes .
8 ) ABS standard : The car did come standard with ABS brakes , , here in Florida it was almost to buy one off the lot with ABS.
In the end , I did buy a car with ABS , in Florida , this is fine .
I lived somewhere where we had ice snow , however , I insist on an ABS braking system , I be irritated to have to pay extra for it as an upgrade .
Now that I've detailed the car's problems , I'll conclude by saying that I am 99.7 % satisfied with my car .
Despite these few "problems" , the car has many small delightful features .
The rearview mirror has a built in dimmer which automatically adjusts so that I'm blinded by headlights from cars behind me .
The trunk is massive came with two cargo nets which allow me to keep things neat organized .
The gas tank cover is attached so that it can't be left behind .
The keyless remote only locks unlocks the car , but also roll down the windows to help air out the car on those hot Florida summer days .
( Too bad it can't also raise the windows when those sudden Florida summer rain storms hit ! )
The headlights have auto-off which I like , but I like even more that they have an "auto" setting that senses when there is enough light puts the headlights on off automatically .
I'm getting great gas mileage !
On the highway I get over 31 mpg , overall I'm averaging over 28 mpg ( that's with a commute that is about a 50/50 mix of highway local driving ) .
I'll enjoy driving , but I do comfortable safe in my car .
It looks great , it performs wonderfully !
I drive two hours a day to from work , the car is a joy .
Coming from me , that is a huge endorsement !
Now that the Xterra has been for sale a few years , Nissan has decided to freshen up the appearance to more closely mimic the stand-out styling of the Frontier pickup .
The Xterra has always boasted rugged , chunky exterior styling , but the front end treatment the edgy quality of the rest of the car .
Now a more aggressive looking front fascia adorns the Xterra complete with round , almost oval shaped headlights , a honeycomb type grille .
The 2002 Xterra is much more in keeping with how one an off-road capable SUV to look .
The interior has a sportier look as well ; separate round , backlit gauges a slightly more stylish center dash give the Xterra's interior a youthful look .
This a welcome addition as the normally aspirated V6 in the Xterra Frontier makes a barely adequate 170 hp .
The supercharged engine in the Xterra is a first in its class .
The main advantage the Xterra has over its competition is size .
Only the Hyundai Santa Fe comes close in terms of interior volume overall size .
Physically , the Xterra is more similar to mid-size SUVs like the Toyota Highlander 4 Runner than any compact SUV.
Cargo room in the Xterra is plentiful , fold the split rear seats down there is even more room .
Rear seats fold down easily , but do fold all the way flat , a feature most other vehicles in this class have .
you still can't fit all your gear inside , the Xterra's sizable roof rack accommodate almost anything .
The Xterra purpose built for exterior mounted , aftermarket travel containers .
With the rear seats folded up , there is more than adequate room for adult passengers .
Although there is plenty of leg room , there to be precious little foot space .
It's a great , but an unintended consequence is that rear seat passengers get their feet to slide under the front seats .
Therefore the back seat feels more cramped than it really is .
Front rear seats are average in comfort , many Nissan cars truck have comfortable pleasant seating positions , this is true of the Xterra as well .
Rear seats do recline , but to be in a permanent partial reclining position .
Some passengers like this , others it felt odd .
The Xterra also has the competition beat when it comes to towing capacity .
With a towing capacity of 3500 lbs. , the SE S/C Xterra out-tow virtually every vehicle in its class with the exception of the Jeep Liberty .
In many cases the Xterra is able to handle from 1500 to 2800 lbs more than other SUVs like the Ford Escape Hyundai Santa Fe .
you have 3500 lbs towing capacity the ability to traverse rugged terrain , the Nissan Xterra has you covered .
But you want a decent handling , drivable family vehicle with a civilized ride , then scratch the Xterra off your shopping list .
The Xterra is a body-on-frame vehicle , in short , it is a truck .
Chevrolet's Tahoe Suburban utilize body-on-frame construction the ride on those vehicles is actually quite pleasant .
Even the smallest of pot-hole uneven pavement upset the Xterra's ride .
This truck squirms shakes shimmies like nobody's business .
This is true at both low speeds higher speeds .
A 15mph trip down an alley ( in less than average condition ) resulted in so much teeth clattering shake I almost returned home to get another car .
"Nobody do the Shake ; Like I do .
Nobody do the boogaloo ; Like I do ; " that is exactly what Xterra is capable of , it shake shimmy bump jostle like other car I know .
Even the lowly Suzuki Vitara feels a tad bit more stable .
When unoccupied ,the passenger seat-back vibrates back forth terribly .
Rough roads are cause for concern as the Xterra often felt like it was "dog-tracking " driving slightly sideways whenever uneven pavement large dips were encountered .
I often felt like I was in danger due to the fact that the Xterra rarely respond the way I .
On straight , smooth roads the Xterra has a tendency to wander .
Constant input to the steering wheel is needed to keep this truck on the straight narrow .
The only plus in the handling department is the Xterra's relatively small turning radius , this proved helpful in tight parking lots garages .
Although the 210 hp is a welcome addition to the Xterra , the vehicle does n't to be able to effectively handle that much power .
During hard acceleration , the Xterra lift twist end up pointed in some direction I intended .
Acceleration is better than average , but the brute force from a 3.3L , supercharged V6 .
The 6 does take a few seconds to catch its breath , but once the supercharger is really pumping , there is a noticeable surge forward that only to grow stronger as the revs climb higher .
Maximum output is at 4800 RPM.
Even with the 210 hp , the S/C Xterra still use a few more ponies , even the normally aspirated Altima 3.5 makes 30 more hp than the supercharged Xterra .
Still , the supercharged Xterra offers more power than vehicles such as the Mazda Tribute V6 , Hyundai Santa Fe V6 , Toyota RAV which is only available as a 4-cylinder .
The much pricier Toyota Highlander with a V6 makes only 10 more hp but cost thousands more when ordered with a few basic options .
Bringing the Xterra to stop is drama-free in most cases , but in panic stop situations , the Xterra nose-dives terribly .
In heavy traffic , low speed short-stops are common .
In this situation , the Xterra's brakes touchy the vehicle rocks back forth once it comes to a full stop .
I understand it on the $ 18,000 4-cylinder version , but on the supercharged 4x4 .
Finally , due to the Xterra's weight ( 4229 lbs . ) its thirsty supercharged engine , fuel mileage is a miserable 15 mpg city / 18 mpg highway .
This puts the S/C Xterra in league with a bigger V8 powered SUV like the Chevy Tahoe which makes 75 more horsepower .
you value fuel economy , opt for the Xterra XE with the 2.4L engine .
I used a half tank of gas in just three days of normal commute driving .
Yes the freeways in Los Angeles are crowded , but my office is 8 miles away from my home .
Add a few side trips to the store lunch that still does equal a half tank of fuel gone .
Overall , the 2002 Nissan Xterra XE S/C is a mixed bag , but the bottom line is that I simply recommend this car .
Granted , it is a stellar off-road performer tow more weight than almost all others in its class , plus holds a bunch of cargo inside on the hefty roof rack .
But the shortcomings are just too much to overcome .
A vehicle like the Land Rover Freelander has a lot of aspects to it as well , but at the end of the day , it is a car that most people live with enjoy .
Car based SUVs offer superior comfort drivability , but the Xterra's truck like qualities , both good bad .
retail pricing on the Xterra to start at $ 18,000 run all the way up to $ 27,000 for a 4x4 SE supercharged V6 .
Anyone looking to spend $ 27,000 more on an SUV seriously consider the Nissan Pathfinder , Mazda Tribute , Toyota Highlander , Chevy Tahoe .
Unless you're running the Paris , Dakar rally , skip the Xterra .
HAHA !
I "upgraded " to this TLS from a "fully loaded " BMW 328i about 5 months ago .
So I am going to compare this car to the 328i .
This will give a perspective to buyers who are considering a BMW also...DONT ! ! DONT ! DONT !
You want to look cool ...BUT! ! ! ... ITS YOUR MONEY !
Its going to be cool when you start shelling out the serious $ $ $ $ for all sorts of BMW service costs !
Now I pi$ $ some people off for saying this ...but TOUGH !
HA ! The BMW does even come with leather standard ...or power seats .
So why is it so COOL , because of some idiotic badge on the hood ? ? ?
That is a really stupid way of thinking !
I am totally in love with it .
Everytime I get behind the wheel this car begs me to drive it to its .
The acceleration is fabulous .
The SportShift SIMPLY BLOWS AWAY the BMW automanual CRAP.
The engine response is far better in the Acura .
Shifting also feels closer to a manual .
The interior is FAR FAR superior to any BMW Audi I have seen .
It is very modern , the instrumentation is white faced changes to black at night .
The lighting at night is incredible !
The seats be a little bit more supportive but overall they are great with the perforated leather .
The storage spaces are plentiful .
There are two cup holders in the center console two HUGE storage compartments under the armrests .
There is a coin area plenty of storage in the door pockets also .
The Acura Navigation system is the best out there .
It is very easy to use , accurate has a plethora of options .
The graphics are great .
Now , the voice guidance is a little irritating because it is a shrill Japanese accent ( offense to anyone :-) But this is inappropriate for the American market !
I am told that the voice data is on the DVD so the new DVD release will change that !
The BOSE system is pretty good .
I prefer a little more power/bass but the sound is very clear , there is distortion even at very high volume .
The body does ding a little too easily , but this happened on my 3 series also .
As for fuel economy , I am getting 20-21 mpg in the city ( perpetual LA stop go traffic ) .
This is another amazing feat of Acura engineering ...to achieve this in a high compression V6 .
Obviously you will be using premium fuel on the Type-S.
During the time I have owned this vehicle it has given me a SINGLE problem .
Are there better choices out there for the segment ...resounding !
For any price ...Sure !
You buy a GS430 which is also a FANTASTIC vehicle , but its $ 52K fully loaded , thats a whole $ 20 ( TWENTY THOUSAND DOLLARS ! ! ! ) more !
A world apart in price !
for those comparing it with the Infiniti I35 , !
The I35 is a very very nice vehicle but it appeals to a completely different type of driver so comparison !
The I35 is " cushier " ... more like a Lexus .
The Acura is a bit less comfort but more handling !
Finally , I like to comment on CSXperts review .
It is a gross exaggeration of the facts !
The ride is a bit firm obviously but it is reasonably comfortable .
Everybody with an IQ over 5 knows thinks this is a VERY COOL car !
Great value , performance , luxury low maintainence costs !
There is so much debris on the freeway its insane , yesterday I almost ran over a tire ...Phew !
I need vehicle that tough it out also the 4x4 in the mountains , so maybe a Nissan Pathfinder , QX4 why an Acura MDX? ? ? :-)
I opted for the Focus over a Subaru Legacy ( over $ 20K with safety features I wanted ) the Toyota Matrix (tiny rear windshield , small cargo ) .
I went for ALL the bells whistles as a consolation am enjoying the sunroof , the leather , the nimbleness the overall ride .
As I had to factory-order my 5-speed , there was n't much negotiating on the price I I paid top-dollar .
For this reason I was peeved when at 2400 miles my gas light when on which required a trip back to the dealer a full day in the shop to replace fuel pump .
Now at 12000 miles , she 's been problem free since , but I have yet to see better than 30 mpg on the highway .
When I bought this car the warranty was only for 3 years/36K miles I have been weary of that having heard Ford horror stories .
I plan on keeping my bright highway-sign ( "grabber " ) green ( very easy to pick out in a parking lot of silver sedans ) little car at least until it 's paid for ( 2006 ) , I 'm just praying it stays together that long .
But that 's just my nerves ; the car has been great ever since the fuel pump thing .
Resale value will be in my favor thanks to my preference for a stick , the legacy of the earlier Focii .
The leather has been a helpful feature as my toddler likes to challenge the durability of everything .
This past winter surely put the advancetrac steering system to the test I admit I felt very secure on the snowy , sometimes icy roads .
Of course I drove like a grandmother whilst all the bigger vehicles with fearless drivers at the helm sped by .
Oh , yeah , cargo is fantastic ( 3 more cubic feet than the Subaru! ) my only complaint is that they bothered to split the back of the back seat , but the fold up bench , so I ca n't carry anything long with my kid in her car seat .
Funny thing is that it 's depicted how I like it in the owner 's manual .
Go figure .
I remember about 7 8 years ago , I received a phone call from one of my client .
She was opening a new car dealership wanted me to set them up with the same service I had put in place at her other store .
I call her accountant , which I already had met several times made a working lunch appointment with him .
During lunch he told me that they were opening a new Acura dealership , I was a little curious although I had seen a few Acura 's but I did see one close by .
After filling the proper documents training the new cashiers , I returned to the accountant to inform him that every thing was on-line that his new staff was already trained .
He said that he was on his way out to try out his new demo asked I wanted to come along .
I really say that this car was very impressive , I am quite sure what model it was , but it sure gave a very comfortable ride .
I told myself ; here we go a few more lean years for Detroit .
Recently a friend of mine that lives in South East Asia bought a brand new Gold Acura 3.2CL.
you a gold color car will get some attention in America , it is nothing compares to the looks he is getting in Asia with this very flashy , but classy automobile .
The new 2002 Acura 3.2CL is available in 2 models for this year .
A base model a supercharged high-performance 3.2CL Type S.
From the exterior both models look the same , they have beautiful sporty lines it is combined with a very elegant silhouette .
The base model is the one I drove it was fully loaded , I asked my friend Mike he had to pay a lot for all the extras he bought a package .
I was surprised when he told me that all the equipment was standard even on the base model .
Here are some of the standard equipment the 3.2CL is equipped with : air bags for driver , passenger side , remote keyless entry , power windows , locks mirrors , cruise control , AM/FM CD player , sunroof leather seats .
The interior of the Acura 3.2CL is very particular ; it comes with twin sets of bucket seats .
That 's right this is a mistake , you have two bucket seats in the front to in the rear .
As I mentioned earlier the Acura CL comes fully loaded , since it is a very big automobile you how did the engineers at Acura manage with all those controls gages .
Every controls are easy to reach for the driver also quite easy to detect .
But aside from that the seats are extremely comfortable the Bose sound system which comes with an in-dash CD changer is something to listen to .
When looking at the Acura CL from the front , to me it as something is .
I quite make out what it is yet , maybe it is a of chrome , it has some but mostly around the lights grill .
Well anyway aside from that the car looks great .
that it will make people turn their heads as one goes by , but it a beautiful coupe .
On the road :
I admit that I did have a chance to drive this car very much .
But for the times I did drive , it was a great experience .
A few times when I drove the car it poured , as it in Asia .
The car ABS breaks worked just fine it was easy to control the automobile at all time mainly because it is a forward wheel drive .
Under the hood :
The Acura 3.2CL I drove was equipped as follows :
Engine : A V-6 , 3.2 liters that produces 225 Horsepower .
Transmission : A 5-speed automatic .
Final :
But aside from this the Acura 3.2CL is an excellent automobile quite recommendable for anyone looking for a car that has bucket seats in the rear .
After reading the positive reviews posted on epinion , I I share my experience with consumers .
It the Ford focus is a hit miss model ; the cars built right run fine , but those that miss the mark are unreliable a hazard on the road .
We bought a new Ford Focus three months ago ( June 2002 )in Las Vegas .
The research ( albeit a limited internet search ) told of a car which was inexpensive , safe , well built sporty .
One week after we bought the focus , the car died on a busy freeway .
It was repaired returned in two days .
Trusting the reliability of a new car , we drove from Nevada to Tucson , where it died again on a stretch of road called properly termed " Dead Man 's Highway " in the middle of summer .
Anyway , this type of incident occurred twice more since we 've owned the focus .
considering the car has been in the shop for almost half that time does n't bode well for Ford reliabilty .
Something common to all focuses though are brake problems .
A repeated problem continually found on focus complaint records are brakes that squeal grind .
The problem be fixed , Ford denies there are any design flaws .
A website dedicated to filing a class-action lawsuit against Ford , www.fordfocusbreakproblems.com , be of further help .
Also , read the reviews found on carsmart.com .
I my of a "hit miss " car will be clear from the reviews posted on that site .
For those who love your focus , I am jealous .
I wish I spend my weekends some place other then Ford service centers .
For those who are looking to buy , do the research .
Please heed my warning do n't risk your time money into a Ford focus .
After many years of major transmission , engine , general quality control complaints one have this car have landed itself in an early grave .
Unlike many other cars that had caused their owners so much anger grief , do to poor reliability , quality control , of dealer , i .e the Hyundai Excel , the Ford Taurus somehow made it past all those thousands of unhappy customers is still being sold for the 2002 year with the claim that it is "one of the best selling cars in America . "
For the 2002 model year the Ford Taurus Sedan comes available in a multitude of trim lines that include the base LX , the SE , SES (tester ) SEL.
The wagon is offered in SE SEL trim . 2 powerplants are also available .
Transmissions include a standard , clunky , unrefined , 4-speed automatic .
My tester ' Taurus SES Deluxe ' had the optional 3.0 DOHC Duratec engine ( almost a $ 900 option ) .
Off-the-line acceleration with the Duratec V6 is fair , but the DOHC Duratec lackadaisical compared to the 3.0 V6 in the 2002 Accord totally anemic compared to the 3.5 V6 in the Nissan Altima .
On take-off the Duratec almost strains to get this 3,500lb vehicle up to speed .
Do n't get me wrong , the car is slow by any means , it just has to work much harder to get up to speed than the competition .
The 4-speed fully automatic transmission coupled to this engine only makes accelerating problems worse .
The transmission , while loads refined over the AXOD tranny equipped in the 1986-1995 Tauruses still the precise shifting associated with cars like the Camry even the Chevy Impala .
Clunky automatic shifting between 1st gear 2nd is still noticeable , shifting too soon ( high gear around 30 MPH)is still annoying , as the car has virtually power at this speed in high gear , so automatic down-shifting up-shifting while driving through town is almost inevitable you do n't manually take it out of overdrive .
Handling in the 2002 Taurus is good , however like most family cars on the twistys , this car tends to lean which be quite prevalent around bends at high speeds .
Cruising in this relatively large family sedan is exactly another downfall for the Taurus SES but it 's also an attribute worth boasting about .
Since it 's redesign in 2000 , the Ford Taurus to take bumps much easier , rattles are kept to a minimum ; jolts are also much easier on the spine .
I remember driving the 96-1999 Tauruses believing how many rattles unexpected jolts be present on bumpy surfaces .
There is a major improvement vs. the last generation in this dept .
Hills are taken well .
Surprisingly the Duratec V6 enables this heavy weight to tackle up to 7 % grades having to automatically down-shift to maintain 75 MPH , even gain speed up these sorts of inclines given good 'right foot power , ' again the need for the automatic to down-shift .
Braking in the 2002 Taurus SES deluxe is average-good .
The EPA is 20/27 which is lower than the larger , less sophisticated 3.8 OHV engined Chevrolet Impala .
Fuel Economy .
gov has more info on EPA ratings .
Interior Accommodation :
The interior of the 2002 Taurus SES is a mixed bag .
While the car possesses many strong attributes , this car also has its obvious weak points .
For example , the dash dated , cluttered , uninteresting .
The instrument cluster is relatively small , but offers all the gauges you want .
Tachometer , temp gauge , etc . etc . are added for driver convenience are very easy to read while driving .
Some noteworthy 'options ' on the deluxe SES include , AC , 6 disc in-dash CD player , adjustable pedals ; these adjustable pedals sound cool in theory , but I Ford have saved the money used it on the poor quality leather seating , WWW.
CARS.COM has more info on all equipment that be had with the SES deluxe trim .
Standard amenities include your basic family bag .
Dual air bags , 4 cup holders , remote keyless entry , power everything , cruise control .
All amenities boast that they are ergonomically friendly , however the stereo system is very cluttered , much like the systems in the Volvo line-up .
This system also falls short in the clarity department , received terrible FM reception while driving through local mountain valleys .
Seating is average , yet again falls short of the competition .
My SES tester was equipped with optional front bucket 'plastic feeling ' leather seats with a 'floor auto shifter ' console betwixt the driver passenger .
These seats offer good standard 6-way power adjustments , but due to the cheap they really put a hamper on certain aspects of my driving experience with this car .
Wearing a T-shirt the outside temp being 55 degrees (yes that 's all it gets here during the day ) my arms felt like they were resting on ice cubes while first trying to get comfy in these pleather seats .
The quality of the leather actually reminded me of the poor leather seating in my 1989 Mercury Sable .
The rear seats are made of the same cheap material , which offers a 60/40 split configuration .
Like all Ford Tauruses room remains very good , front rear passengers will enjoy more than enough room for long trips .
Storage is also good .
Tons of room for a family of 5s ' weeks worth of groceries .
Exterior Innovation :
The exterior of the 2002 Ford Taurus , while once looking like what many looked like a jelly bean back in '86 , than a space ship in '96 , has now joined the world of Plain Jane automotive design .
There are large see-through effect head lamps , angled tail lamps , but this car still looks like every car you see on the Hertz rental car lot .
The 16 " 5 spoke alloy rims , optional spoiler do add some sport to this sedan , but still looks every bit the part of a car that was made to get lost in traffic .
The of the dual exhaust system on the Duratec equipped models just makes it that much harder for this car to look sporty .
Price , Reliability , and Warranty :
With the 2002 model year coming to a close I 'm sure there are rebates out there on these cars , however my tester had , was priced at a whopping $ 23,000 taxes .
Reliability with the Ford Taurus has almost always been poor .
I always hear from Taurus owners that their new car has had problems , but after 3 years they are in the shop getting a new transmission .
This has been the norm for these cars for some years now , I am now getting complaints that the '99 models are having reliability problems .
sure Ford fixed any of these problems , but this car is a 'must ' on your shopping list , you afford it , I ask for an extended warranty , as Ford only offers a 3 year 36,000 mile warranty with roadside assistance .
Well lets get right to the point I was a big owner of Taurus .
I have own practicly all models this one .
Taurus has always been on the cutting edge for technology power over most manufactures cars that are comparable to the taurus .
One of the main reasons why Taurus made it into the nascar races because Taurus was building a name for themselves of making powerfull cars . in 1995 Taurus came out with their ultimate car which was the 3.8liter v6 SHO taurus folks let me tell you you ever get a chance to ride in a 3.8 liter v6 SHO taurus do so because the minute that person lays his foot on the pedal your jaw will be in the back seat .
Why am i bringing this up because this is all important do to the fact how ford taurus has progressed into a awesome car .
That i kept buying because each year they kept getting better better .
Then all sudden the ovals came out a smaller taurus .
Then next was the smaller engine .
when i ask the manufacture they have more engine packages he said 3.0 is it .
Come on .
It came with a cassete deck has default cd player .
I 'm sorry but cassete deck built into the dash .
Cassete deck shouldnt even exist anymore in the car .
ford most still be living in the 1980 's .
Most foreign cars all come standard deafualt with a cd player built into the dash .
Air climate control totally sucks be digital temperature driven by degress .
They moved the unlock lock on the up part of the door down where the fingers normally be .
theirs more lines dashes then their are actuall speed listings so you have to study the damn dash to figure out what speed you are doing .
The console cup holders arent big enough .
The sterring on the car like it has a huge understeer to it .
When you sit down your feet are always propt up on something .
The only good thing it has going for itself is the fact that it has a smooth ride .
thats it .
thats it .
O just though of another bad the sound system in the car is terriable its really tinney sounding the radio stations sound really far away when their .
It breaks me heart to say this but i will by another taurus until i see improvement .
Because it like the foreigns have more innovation techonolgy in their cars now .
Ford is still living in the 1980 's .
i do beleive when they came up with the ideas for this new series of ford taurus that they have been smoken something for sure .
In the couple of months I owned my 2002 Mustang GT , i was sadly disapointed .
The power was in the 2V 4.6 , I was getting beaten by Subaru WRX 's .
The one good thing I liked about it was the Mach 1000 sound system .
The car had fords ussual quality( crap ) .
When I purchased the car it had Blowmaster exhaust , which while it sounded great , it produced extra power .
Another thing I did like was the fake hood side scoops , domestic rice imo .
Over all , I was disapointed .
I sold the car after 5months bought a brand new SOM Ws6 Trans Am , now that car has style speed , I love the Ls1 motor T56 trann
I 'm rolling west out of Houston along I-10 in a riot of color .
Carpets of bluebonnets line the roadsides , as yet unsullied by the inevitable amateur photographers those families in their finery .
Here there I spot clumps clusters of primrose in pale pink evening gowns ; brilliant yellow coreopsis purple henbit lurk in the median as embarrassed to pit their tiny flowers against the showy 'bonnets .
In the shade of an overgrown fencerow I catch glimpses of the winy tones of a stand of claret cups ; simple fuchsia heads like wineglasses waving on slender stems ; over yonder a prickly phalanx of California poppies has invaded from a nearby pasture , long , fuzzy dark green stems crowned by delicate white petals around a lotus-like core .
On hillside meadow alike , the Indian paintbrush nod wisely , shafts of color ranging from startling orange to fire-engine red waving contentedly in the humid breeze .
Overhead a squadron of turkey buzzards circles lazily above some carrion buried in the tall grass , flying in a perfect missing-man formation .
As for me , I 'm fighting a well-nigh uncontrollable urge to roar off the pavement , spraying mud left right sending battalions of Ladybird Johnson 's legacy to their heavenly reward .
As I resist the urge , I keep wondering : " Does Nissan install a testosterone dispenser as standard equipment in the Xterra ? "
Is this the Ultimate Boy Toy ?
Immediately on seeing your first Xterra you know that every inch of the vehicle breathes essence of (young ) male , from the buffed , muscular body to the simple lines of the manly interior .
The standard roof rack as well be a backwards-billed baseball cap ; that strange flat spot on the rear hatch is a precise analog for the perfect circle imprinted on ten million teenage boys ' wallets .
There 's question at all that Nissan aimed this vehicle , with laser targeting , at a youthful male market .
Unlike Honda Toyota (among others ) whose smallest SUVs ride on a car platform , Nissan has built the Xterra around the frame of its Frontier pickup .
It 's a meaty , beaty , big bouncy bruiser of an SUV, positioned squarely to take over the Jeep Wrangler market from the sixteen-to-twenty-six age group .
The brutish good looks of the Xterra - tall slender , with a two-step roofline what looks like an over-engineered roof rack - serve it well in that market .
The pot 's sweetened by a passel of wild colors - who among us has yet to see a canary yellow model on the streets ?
- a standard 100-watt stereo with CD , tinted windows , ABS , anti-skid plates ; also aimed to please .
Throw in the optional first aid kit ( it screams , "Xtreme Sportsman Here ! " ) , 300-watt six-disc in-dash CD changer , - the piece de resistance - the new-this-year 210-hp turbocharged V6 engine , the teenage boy inside us will be in seventh heaven !
for Everybody ?
The very features that make the Xterra boy-bait place serious limits on its popularity outside the target audience .
With the disappearance of station wagons the waning popularity of minivans , the SUV has become the new family cruiser for Sunday afternoon rides in the country .
Families , however , tend to like their creature comforts : car-seat latches , two cupholders for every seat , DVD players that drop from the ceiling , six-way adjustable chairs , -- above all - a cushiony ride .
The Xterra is definitely aimed at this crowd , its creature comforts its ride .
Have you tried the Toyota Highlander yet ?
' Cause the Xterra 's what you 're looking for !
The Driving Experience
I put about 450 miles on a four-wheel drive Xterra XE ( the base trim level ) , with the stock four-speed automatic 2.4-liter ( 140-hp ) 4-cylinder power plant .
anybody cares , it was silver .
Again , anybody cares , I got about 18MPG for mainly highway driving ...
I engaged the shift-on-the-fly 4WD only for a trip down my driveway , though I have used it a few times in downtown Houston 's interminable road construction .
Handling is intended to be fun - it is , as long as you 're going fairly slowly .
There 's a reason all Nissan 's commercials show the Xterra grinding up the countryside of rockin' down the highway .
The Xterra turns on a relative dime at low speed , which be a blessing in true off-road situations ( on Milam in downtown Houston ) .
At higher speeds , the steering has a tendency to wander on smooth roads , especially the surface is a tad slick ; its high profile gives the vehicle just a hint of tippiness through high-speed turns .
The ride ... what you say about the ride ... truck-like ?
bouncy ?
unlike a Kenmore washing machine with an unbalanced load ?
Be prepared to buckle up firmly , for this truck put you through the wringer on rough pavement .
The little four-banger had great difficulty shoving around the Xterra 's 4300-pound carcass , with lousy acceleration a great deal of noise .
The automatic transmission spent about as much time hunting for the proper gear as it did performing quietly .
This is definitely the proper configuration for a truck this size weight - purchasers are well advised to at least spring for the 170-horse V6 ( which is also rumored to be gutless ) the turbo version .
The driving position is high - heck , everything is high , including the cargo bed , which hits this 5'11 " guy right at Gluteus maximus level ( I 'd hate to have to load anything heavy into an Xterra ) .
My rental came equipped with step bars lots of grab handles to help the less nimble clamber aboard .
In a bit of inspired styling ( form over function , I 'spect ) , the rear door handles are mounted high on the door behind the window - let 's see your average six-year-old operate those !
Critter Comforts Car-Driver Interface
The stock six-speaker AM/FM/CD player ( tape ) puts out above-average sound , but the climate-control system just a little overwhelmed at times - summer 's still a long way off !
Nissan has gone all-out to give the cockpit a kicky look , including retro-looking climate-control knobs ( straight off a 1930s gas stove ) bizarre little three-LED indicator lights .
The triple-headed instrument panel ( derivative of the PT Cruiser you ask me ) has good sight lines so you notice that Nissan - being different again - uses an italic typeface on the gauges .
The brake release , though , is at the right side of the steering wheel .
Why ? Do n't ask me ...
Headroom is great all around , plus the cargo area is advertised as the largest in its class - I it .
The cargo area comes with a tonneau cover for hiding the contents ; it pretty flimsy rather awkward to use .
Part of the reason the rear sill is so high is a full-size spare mounted beneath the frame ( at least Nissan does n't stick you with a rolling donut ) .
There are numerous cubbyholes - several of useless size placement - on the insides of the doors around the console , plus a large locking glove compartment .
A single power port graces the dashboard - mine did n't work , by the way - there 's a second inside a generous console compartment .
Two cupholders are molded into the console , their removable rubber boots make 'em large enough for a 1-litre bottle .
Also standard on all models are power windows locks ( another irritant - keyhole on the passenger door ) , remote keyless entry , cruise control .
Overall
This baby is in way intended to compete with luxury SUVs like the Lexus / BMW / Mercedes crowd ; is it a competitor for the small-family dollar with the likes of the CRV / RAV4 / VUE.
Given the weight of the truck , it amazes me that Nissan even offer a four , especially when competing head-to-head with the peppy 3.7L V6 in the Jeep Liberty .
Nissan as a company has a good reputation for reliability ; in its third model year the Xterra also to be holding up well .
I note that my rental - which was delivered with 10K miles on the clock - had already had a couple of plastic parts break , though , the dashboard power port was on the fritz .
Many of the plastic parts pretty cheesy .
Still , Datsun / Nissan has put out durable , long-lasting trucks for decades .
Recommendations
The washing-machine ride amenity-poor interior are a dead giveaway that SUV is n't intended for hauling around groceries ; it 's built to carry mountain bikes snowboards get them where they be used .
You get into a base-level model Xterra on the cheap , though getting 4WD enough power to get out of your own way requires significantly more outlay of cash .
For the class of cars it represents , the stock 4WD is at best average .
That gutless four-cylinder engine automatic transmission pairing are downers , particularly given the unimpressive gas mileage for the four .
Upgrading to the stock V6 is marginally better , though reviewers are waxing rapturous over the of the V6 turbo .
The ride is awful , but that 's the hallmark of a truck-based SUV.
It 's better suited to hauling - in the cargo bay on a trailer - than it is to elegance .
Based on my driving experience the of the V6 , I rate the Xterra a provisional four stars .
Be forewarned , though , that your driving experience be diminished by that doggy four-cylinder engine , so the four-cylinder version only gets three .
Fair enough ?
The folks at Nissan really be in the business of shooting themselves in the foot .
Why do I say that ?
Surely because they are starting to manufacture cars that are worth buying : Nissan vehicles across the board have received more power , feature content , even attitude .
No, where they to make things difficult is by making cars that are so good , you 'd twice before buying another more expensive Nissan model .
Take the Xterra , for instance .
True , it 's a different SUV compared to the Pathfinder , but until its introduction , the Pathfinder was the only SUV option buyers had .
I n't be surprised the Xterra had siphoned off a few Pathfinder sales .
Enter the new Altima .
Up until now , Nissan had remodeled the Altima into oblivion , making it a ho-hum choice .
Definitely worlds beneath the new Maxima .
I 'll tell you right off the bat : I really liked the Altima .
So much so I 'd be hard-pressed to shell out the extra dough for a Maxima .
Here are my impressions ...
EXTERIOR : 8
Let 's just say this car 's new look is a head shoulders improvement over the previous iteration .
Big , too ... the wheelbase is 7.1 inches longer , its overall length bumped up by 5.7 inches .
The body is 1.3 inches wider with wider tracks front rear for better stability .
Height was increased by 2 inches for more cabin space .
Plenty of sound insulation has been added to this vehicle , too .
The overall appearance of the new Altima strikes the observer in a completely different way than the old one did .
" Me too " quasi-luxury styling be seen in the old model , whereas this model looks like it actually make good on such a promise .
only is the new Altima about as large as the Passat , but it looks just as upscale you look at it from the right angle .
IT looks well put-together solid all around .
...
I 'm particularly fond of the clear tail lights that just to make sense on this body .
So , with all these compliments why a 9 10 rating ?
This part is harder , less tangible , all a matter of personal preference .
From some angles , the Altima a little porky-looking rather than muscular ... the bubble-butt in the rear comes to mind .
While the car is much more of a looker than the old model , it did n't really speak to me .
INTERIOR : 9
I 've already made references to interior space , when you sit in the car , you 'll see what I mean .
The trunk is large , too , with around 15.6 cubic feet inside .
Let 's start off with the most important stuff ...
I loved the eight-speaker Bose audio system !
Large well-placed controls made it easy to use , the in-dash six-CD changer was a real nice touch .
The steering wheel controls were a nice perk , though I 've read they are illuminated at night , which is just silly .
After a while though , I had learned how to operate them looking down .
Overall sound is awesome , with crisp highs punchy lows sandwiching perfectly balanced mid-ranges .
Nissan really knows what they are doing when it comes to stereos .
It 's even better than the 10-speaker Monsoon stereo I so openly praised in the VW Jetta .
That says a lot .
As for interior quality , a few cost-cutting cues be noted , such as the less-than-substantial to the switchgear , wimpy cupholders .
The leather seats are nice , but wo n't bring thoughts of Lexus to mind .
The Altima use some more .
The gauge cluster is easy to read , looks like it belongs on a more expensive car .
All the controls are well-placed , intuitive , within reach .
Both Car Driver as well as Edmunds.com
have complained about sun glare coming from the windshield , which I did n't notice , even after searching for it .
There are plenty of nooks crannies to store your stuff in .
The 60/40 split-folding rear seat increases cargo carrying capacity , but you neeed to go around the back to do it .
The hinges on the trunk are of the luggage smushing variety , as opposed to the hydraulic hinges found on the VW Jetta Honda Accord .
ENGINE : 8
The Altima comes with two engine flavors : the base is a 2.5-liter DOHC 16-valve four-cylinder that churns out 175 hp 181 lb-ft of torque .
The second , more enticing flavor is the on the 3.5SE model .
It uses the same 3.5L V6 as the Maxima , though toned down a bit , producing 240 horsepower 246 lb-ft of torque .
I drove the latter of these two choices , accompanied by a manual transmission .
The engine itself is a gem , revving very smoothly producing a satisfying growl when pushed .
Acceleration has been clocked at 6.3 seconds 0-60 , you definitely this urgency off the line .
Oh , did a mention that this car comes with a 20 gallon gas tank has pretty decent gas mileage even when driven hard ( like I did ) ?
My complaint is with the friggin' manual shifter .
Throws are longer than I like , it 's easy to tell when you 've actually engaged the desired gear .
This is the first car in which I prefer an automatic transmission .
RIDE : 9
With a multi-link suspension taken from the Infiniti Q45 , this car rides very comfortably .
Outside sounds are well-muted , road irregularities are well-dampened .
It serves well in a family hauler enthusiast setting .
What more you ask for than that ?
HANDLING : 7
The Altima impressed me here .
Body roll is hardly evident , braking is equally strong ( though I felt the brake pedal to be slightly spongy on the way up - a new car thing ) .
My usual " cloverleaf test " was handled with poise confidence .
Overall , this car is a hoot to drive , yet has the balance of a car with a totally different purpose , like taking the kids to school .
Although the Altima performs admirably in the hard corners is fun to drive , it has its drawbacks .
All of the " sport " that the car promises practically goes out the window .
Put simply , this steering feels like it belongs on a mini-van .
It has real weight to it , as the assisted steering is assisting too much .
Understand what I mean here ?
Anyway , it was pretty disappointing is the only reason why I did n't give the handling over a seven .
SAFETY : ?
The model I drove was equipped with the " ABS/Airbag Package" , which included ABS , dual front side airbags , as well as front rear head curtain airbags .
This is all well good , though I ca n't rate this car just yet until crash tests have been performed .
I 'll change my rating as soon as the tests are done .
The 2000-2001 Altima scored an " Acceptable " rating by the IIHS in its offset tests , received 4 out of 5 stars for driver 5 out of 5 stars for passenger frontal crashes .
Side impact ratings were lower at 3 out of 5 stars for both front rear occupants by the NHTSA .
RELIABILITY : ?
While Nissan usually makes well-assembled cars , this is an introductory year for the Altima .
The engine is fortunately all-new since it was merely taken from the Maxima modified , rather than drawn from the ground up .
Other than that , this is a new car , which means a few problems come up .
Hey , it happens to everyone even the folks at Honda ( read : Honda Odyssey ) .
The Altima represents an excellent bang-for-the-buck value .
No, let me rephrase that ...
Nissan has really taken the phrase "affordable luxury " to a whole new plane be commended for it .
This car seriously be sold for a price in the upper twenties , an argument be made to sell it for more .
It essentially comes with all the stuff the Maxima does , but costs less ... here is where I make the joke ( sort of ) that Nissan have shot themselves in the foot by making such a value-packed yet excellent vehicle ( I had to add "yet excellent " because sometimes "value-packed " is hardly complimentary ) .
My car also had the leather trim , automatic climate control , Bose stereo system , heated seats/mirrors , more .
All for around $ 26,000 .
That 's loaded to the gills , folks .
This car be found nicely equipped in the lower twenties .
( Sound like a commercial ? )
The jury is still out on the Altima will have a good resale value , but has always been around average slightly above so .
Regardless , this car stacks up well against its competitors , such as the Accord , Camry , Jetta .
In fact , I 'd say it is the best value out of all of those listed .
Still , bear in mind this is a brand-new car you want to hold off on budget-minded buying for now , as dealers wo n't be able to resist charging sticker above sticker until demand goes down .
VERDICT : NISSAN MAKES GOOD ON ITS " AFFORDABLE LUXURY " PROMISE
Out of the ashes from this totally new redesign has come a mid-size car that has sprung from middle-of-the-pack to the front runners .
Is it perfect ?
Well , obviously .
There 's a few flaws that Nissan definitely look at ... the steering manual shifter come to mind .
But I still come back to my original question : where does this leave Maxima buyers ?
For the money , I 'd actually buy this car over the Maxima .
Nissan hopes you see enough of a difference between the two cars by increasing the horsepower rating on the Maxima , but I see right through their desperate move .
Outside the increased horsepower , better steering , a few nicer quality touches , little separates the Maxima from the Altima... for several thousand bucks , of course .
VARA 'S PERSONAL RATING : 8.5 out of 10
to a certain degree that is true .
What's readily obvious to most is that the Ford Focus has essentially redefined the compact car segment .
In many ways the Focus has competent rival .
The Cavalier is a relic , the Corolla is getting rather pricey while one argue with its reliability , the Civic so generic when compared to the much cooler Focus .
In order to find a suitable alternative to the Focus , one has to look ahead to the 2003 model year at the Pontiac Vibe , the new for 2002 Civic Si .
But remember , the Focus has been around for years .
For 2002 the Ford Focus is available in less than six configurations : 3-door hatchback , 4-door sedan , station wagon , a hot-rod SVT , now a 5-door hatchback , ZX5 .
Although the new ZX5 is the main topic here , much of what will be said is also applicable to other Focus styles as well .
Originally the Focus ' styling odd , especially the hatchback versions .
certainly odd be an appropriate way to describe the ZX5 .
5-door cars have been a common sight on the roads of Europe for many years , but somehow our American tastes shied away from hatchbacks .
Mazda made a 5-door version of its 626 in the early 90's , the awful Sterling brand had an available 5-door model , but the Focus the VW Golf to be the most visible signs that American buyers silent boycott of 5-door hatchbacks is over ( some argue the Prot챕g챕 5 Lexus SportCross fit that category as well ) .
With its high roof line tall stance , the ZX5 Focus to have almost a small van look to it from certain angles .
Standard equipment on the ZX5 Focus is impressive .
Features such as a 6-disc , in-dash CD changer , alloy wheels , power windows , power mirrors remote locking doors are quite a bargain at a price of $ 15,450 .
The ZX5 also comes standard with Ford's 2.0 liter , 130 hp Zetec engine .
Inside the ZX5 there is more room than one from a compact car .
Head room is ample , as is hip shoulder room .
Nothing is more frustrating than driving riding in a car that to have more head room than any other car on the market , but causes you to rub shoulders with the person in the next seat .
The rear seat folds flat to increase storage , but the Focus Wagon has more useable cargo space behind the rear seat .
With the rear seat flipped up to carry people , the rear cargo area becomes a bit on the smallish side , again , why just get the wagon .
The only explanation for choosing the ZX5 over the wagon is style .
you need to carry five people your under 30 , go with the ZX5 , you're over 30 chances are you care less what anyone thinks about station wagons , get the wagon , it holds more stuff .
The bold exterior styling carries over into the cabin of the ZX5 .
A large , round pod holds the stereo various other controls , the dash incorporates the exterior's "creased edge " look .
Seats are comfortable adjust in many different ways , although those adjustments are manual in nature .
The driving position feels a little like that of a school bus at first - high , but it 's nearly as bus-like as the PT Cruiser .
Materials have a quality throughout , the cheap plastic-like stuff shows up only occasionally .
On the road , the Focus is surprisingly agile .
This car is actually quite sporty .
Handling is quick precise , the vague of other small domestic cars like the Pontiac Sunfire Grand Am . Ride quality is excellent for a smaller car , road noise is low as well .
It's Lexus at highway speeds , but the ZX5 has a smooth quietness that feels similar to the Subaru Impreza the Honda Civic .
The 5-speed manual shifts drama , the lever goes into each gear with just the right amount of smoothness enough resistance to make a stick-shift fun .
130 hp does n't sound like a lot of power , but the larger 4 cylinder Honda Accord has only 20 more hp , the Toyota Corolla has 5 fewer horses than the Focus ' 2.0 liter engine .
When ordered with the 5-speed , the Focus quite powerful , second gear tire chirps are easy to come by .
When shifting hard , there is noticeable torque-steer , but it does dangerous as with other front wheel drive cars such as the SAAB 9-3 .
During normal driving , torque-steer is noticeable at all .
Overall , the Focus ZX5 is a very competent compact car .
While most performance enthusiast eagerly await the pavement scorching SVT Focus , many want the practicality of a sedan , with the increased cargo room of a hatchback .
The ZX5 is a compromise in many ways , yet a stint behind the wheel makes one realize how little is actually sacrificed .
The ZX5 offers nothing more less than other Focus ' offer ; youthful styling , peppy performance , superb handling , room for 5 adults , lots of convenience features , a price well below $ 20,000 .
Essentially the Focus ZX5 is roomier than it looks , sportier than it has to be , The Who said it best , "I'd call that a bargain; "
The # 1 thing I look for in a car , before horsepower , quality , anything else , is a chassis that entertains in everyday driving .
European subsidiary has developed what are arguably the best-handling front-wheel-drive cars in the world .
I always look forward to driving this car , even it ?s
just a run to the store .
Well , the Contour is gone ( though Mercury get a version of this car back in the future . )
But the Focus , developed by the same organization , continues to be sold in the U.S. It has been selling much better than the Contour did .
Much more adventurous styling has made the biggest difference .
But I?ve also read that the Focus handles even better than the Contour , this can?t hurt .
Drawn by this reputation for excellent handling , I?ve been intending to review the Focus for a couple of years at this point .
I actually test drove one over a year ago , but felt that I didn?t get a thorough enough sense of the car to review it .
I was helping my sister look for a car at the time , so I test drove an automatic .
With four adults in the car .
the A/C on .
Over hilly roads .
Suffice it to say I didn?t this was a fair test .
After this initial drive , I kept putting off a second test drive due to news that this that sport package be available in ?a few months , ?
SVT , a Ford unit that tunes select models for top performance , be to get the most out of the Focus .
So I decided to wait .
Initially the SVT Focus was going to be introduced in November 2001 , but didn?t actually until spring 2002 .
When it did , I was there .
Styling Accommodations
I won?t even try to describe the Focus ?s styling .
It ?s so unique , I virtually everyone is familiar with its complex blend of edges , character lines , curves , loves hates the overall effect .
Actually , I?m a bit on the fence , but inclined toward the ?love ? camp when the car is fitted with alloy wheels , especially the thick-spoked sixteen-inchers .
The SVT has even larger wheels , but with their thin spokes they are less distinctive .
As for body styles , the round front end works best with the hatchbacks , okay with the sedan , clashes with the boxy rear of the wagon .
The interior styling is nearly as unconventional .
Initially the ZTS model included woodgrain trim , which was very out of place .
I this had changed .
The SVT , thankfully , includes fairly subdued trim pieces .
The basic design is wild enough ?help. ?
door .
From what I?ve read , the Focus has had a number of quality problems , , judging from the car I drove , these to be continuing .
The best thing about the Focus ?s interior are the seats .
In the SVT , these have nice-looking blue cloth down the center ? I to hold the driver in place better than leather ?and black leather on the bolsters .
The front seats are very comfortable supportive , though I personally mind even more aggressive bolsters .
Rotary adjustments are provided for lumbar recline on both front seats .
These be more awkward to use than levers , but they allow you to get the setting exactly where you want it .
, rubber ringed knobs don ?t hurt .
The driver ?s seat has a single electric adjustment , for the height of the rear of the cushion .
This adjusts the tilt of the seat cushion even more than it affects seat height .
My father , along for the test drive , noted the perfectly placed grab handles on the doors .
Once the driver starts doing crazy stuff the front passenger is going to appreciate the bracing these handles enable .
My father felt this was inexcusable .
Forward visibility is excellent , largely because the seating position is a few inches higher than in the average car .
Visbility to the rear is somewhat obstructed by the dipping roof pinched rear window ( courtesy of those snazzy high-mounted taillights ) .
The Focus , especially in hatchback form , is a large car .
At 168 inches in length , it ?s
about 20 inches shorter than they typical family car .
The amount of legroom the general comfort of the rear seat thus come as a great surprise .
Even with 43 inches of front legroom , two more than the typical car , there are 37.6 inches of rear legroom .
This is just a couple tenths shy of the much larger Honda Accord Toyota Camry .
?Compact ? ?
In terms of shoulder room , yes , but four adults will be happy here .
Sometimes rear seat room is cheated by positioning the rear seat low to the floor .
in the Focus .
The optional sunroof ( $ 595 ) is fairly small so that it does n?t
reduce headroom for rear seat passengers .
The price isn?t bad , but it ?s
so small that I?m sure I?d spring for it .
Especially with the rear seat folded , cargo space is generous .
That is , unless you need to carry a longish object ( a double stroller in my case ) across the width of the car .
Even the 8 ? subwoofer that comes with the $ 675 Audiophile package , but especially with it , the cargo area is narrow .
Minimal rear overhang permits this 168 ?
car to have a 103 ? wheelbase .
This long wheelbase is great for passenger room chassis stability , but means that the rear wheelwells intrude into the cargo area all the way to the rear of the car .
In the longer sedan the trunk extends past the wheelwells , so more width is available .
Sadly , the SVT comes only as a two-door hatch for now , while the salesman said a five-door hatch SVT be available next spring an SVT sedan does n?t to be on the boards .
This makes a great deal of sense , as the hatches are by far the sportiest looking Foci , but people who need to carry long objects folding the rear seat ( i .e .
people with young children ) better just forget about the SVT.
The SVT ?s most difference is its powertrain .
Although the engine is larger , variable valve timing is employed to boost horsepower from 130@5300 RPM to 170@7000 .
Torque gets a smaller boost , from 135@4500 to 145@5500 .
These numbers tell much of the engine ?s
story : you ?re going to have to work it to extract any power , , with the redline at 7200 RPM , you ?re going to have to shift soon after hitting the power peak , dropping you back to about 150 horses .
Power delivery is very linear , with obvious surges dips due to alterations in the intake valve timing .
During my test drive the engine felt weak , but it felt all that powerful .
Generally it makes just enough power to be entertaining .
This isn?t necessarily a bad thing : this level of power , just enough to have fun , tends to make a car fun to drive at legal speeds .
It ?s obnoxiously loud , but it ?s
At 70 in sixth the engine is turning 3000 RPM.
The SVT includes a unique six-speed manual transmission .
( An automatic is available . )
Unique in general in that these six speeds are obtained by using two final drive ratios .
I don ?t quite understand how this works , but it does .
Even though you ?re effectively shifting two gears with many shifts , this shifter was flat-out excellent .
Effort is fairly light , but notchy enough to provide the clear sensation of shifting real gears rather than playing a video game .
I recall a better-feeling shifter in a front-wheel-drive car .
The clutch is also excellent .
The steering is perfectly weighted , quick , amazingly sharp .
I felt directly connected to the road through this wheel .
I recall similarly sharp steering only in sports cars such as the Mazda Miata BMW M Coupe .
This steering makes the Focus even smaller than it is .
A go-kart comes to mind .
For a front-wheel-drive car the Focus SVT has an extremely balanced chassis .
Despite the aggressive tuning this chassis feels very stable .
Understeer is minimal .
A very welcome surprise : torque steer is .
I accelerated hard with the wheels turned , yet felt the engine tug the steering wheel .
Despite the tall body , lean in turns is minimal .
The 215/45-17 tires grip the road strongly .
The SVT has larger brakes than pedestrian Foci .
They provide excellent feedback a great deal of stopping power .
Alas , all is perfect with this chassis .
Once again the Miata M Coupe come to mind as the only real competition .
You hear every expansion joint .
A very solid feeling structure compensates a bit , but enough .
A little rearward compliance be helpful here .
As it stands , I?m sure I deal with the Focus SVT as a daily driver .
Be sure to try thoroughly before you buy .
Pricing
A base Focus SVT stickers for $ 17,995 ( all prices with destination charge ) .
you ?re looking for a high-performance car that hold four adults , don ?t care about ride quality only drive on smooth roads , then this price is a bargain for what you get .
A Civic Si , with less power 15 ? wheels ?but with a standard sunroof ?runs
A GTI 1.8T offers much more mid-range torque a nicer interior , but soggier , less stable handling , for $ 19,860 ( with 17 ? wheels ) .
Those willing to sacrifice a little performance for a better ride save a couple grand by going with the regular Focus .
A ?ZX3 power premium ?
This model includes a 6-disc CD player as standard equipment ( it ?s part of the optional Audiophile package for the SVT) .
You save another grand by doing power windows/locks/mirrors , keyless entry , the CD changer , but this does n?t
like a good trade to me .
Yet another grand be saved by doing A/C , cruise , the tile/telescoping wheel , the 16-inch wheels , but now you ?re talking crazy .
Basically , the upgraded engine , suspension , seats of the SVT package cost $ 2,000 .
pocket change , but a more than fair price is you ?re into the tradeoffs involved .
The Focus SVT surprised me in many ways , most good , some so good .
Overall , it offers a unique driving experience , a highly tuned car right out of the box .
As I?d hoped , handling is excellent .
Unfortunately , the price for this handling includes a ride so bad I?m sure I personally live with it , at least on Michigan ?roads . ? you want the sharpest handling practical hatch , period , then this is your car .
you care at all about a smooth ride , you ?ll be happier elsewhere , in a regular Focus a VW.
One of Newton 's laws of motion states ( paraphrased ) that a body in motion tends to remain in motion .
The principle under discussion is commonly known as inertia .
Inertia , we all know , is merely a physical phenomenon , it 's also a phenomenon that exerts influence over such varied arenas as the stock market personal relationships -- how many couples do you know , for instance , that stay together far too long because the act of breaking up takes too much energy ?
Inertia occurs in the marketplace , of that we be certain .
I grew up in an unusual family : my parents drove Pontiacs , Fords , Chevvies , Dodges , Chryslers , Oldsmobiles , Studebakers , Ramblers ... you name it , they drove it some time in the fifties , sixties , seventies .
America 's Most Popular Car ? ! ?
Advertisements tell us that the Ford Taurus is America 's most popular car .
Note , however , that you always tell when an advertising man is lying because his lips are moving ... What is true is that the Taurus is one of the most popular cars ever sold in this country ; ( you lump Mercury Sable in with the Taurus ) there are as many of them on the road as there are of any other vehicle .
More importantly , the Taurus -- an ugly , melted-looking critter at its birth -- marked Ford 's re-emergence as a power in the mid-sized car market after more than a decade of shoddy quality , ill-advised experimentation , simple ignorance of consumer trends .
Finally , America was making a car that was competitive against Japanese imports , so much so that it actually began making inroads into that import market .
Hooray for American ingenuity engineering !
As such , the Taurus developed a near-cult following ; giving a new generation a vehicle on which to lavish the family 's Ford addiction .
Suddenly you ached to drive a stylish , dependable car , you did n't have to hide the Toyota from Dad watch Uncle Stan sneer at the Honda .
so the Taurus ( its "name-plate twin " the Mercury Sable ) became Ford 's " comeback kid . "
Three cheers for Henry , Edsel , the rest of the Fords !
Fast Forward to 2002
I 've driven them through snow , in the baking desert sun , at the beach , on winding mountain roads .
While I 've been tempted to buy a Taurus ( frankly , it 's larger than I need ) , I 've been unimpressed by the car , .
This is a vehicle that 's always to be a solid , dependable -- somewhat boring -- performer ; but then I 'd reviewed one for Epinions , .
So here 's my chance , after having looked at a 2002 Taurus with a critical eye :
The Car
My ever-faithful suppliers at Enterprise rented me a 2002 Taurus SE model , a four-door , with the stock V6 Vulcan engine a four-speed automatic transmission .
This particular model has a " convertible " front seat , which is a bench seat with a center panel that unfolds into a console and/or armrest to create the illusion of bucket seats .
The vehicle came equipped with dual airbags , power doors/windows/mirrors , cloth seats , AM/FM/Cassette , tilt wheel , cruise control , intermittent wipers , styled aluminum wheels , AC.
I picked it up with about 5500 miles on the clock ; I turned it back in with just over 6000 - five days 500+ miles .
About 400 miles were highway driving , the rest on city streets freeways in the Austin Houston areas .
Weather was mostly dry , though my return to Austin encountered some moderate showers .
Styling Notes
For those interested in such things , the vehicle was a metallic charcoal gray with a multi-shade gray interior .
That particular combination is quite popular ; one night in my hotel parking garage I had to choose among the Taurus , a Mustang , a Contour all in that color combination .
I stayed with the Taurus 'cause I did n't have keys for the Mustang .
This model was restyled by Ford with the 2000 model year .
Speaking from memory , earlier models were far more dependent upon the oval motif , still retained some of the original version 's melted external contours .
The restyling possesses slightly more angularity than the old version , with sharper slope breaks at the base of the rear window on the trunk line .
Blocks of foam-filled "naugahyde " tend to fight for supremacy with contoured plastic panels in the dash on the doors .
The seating arrangements do to have changed from earlier models ; the instrument panel dashboard layouts are little changed , at all .
Driver-Car Interface
The Taurus handles moderately well for a mid-sized family sedan ; cornering is responsive with crispness poor control .
The driver has a good connection to the road when compared to larger vehicles such as the Lincoln Continental , but is more isolated than when driving most Japanese sedans ( Mitsubishi Galant , Toyota Camry ) .
Braking tends to a bit mushy at highway speeds .
The stock 155-hp Vulcan V6 possesses adequate reserve power at highway speeds , but is noticeably weak on acceleration from a standing start ( this is the least powerful of three available V6 engines ) .
I averaged about 21.5 MPG with this engine ( note : mostly highway driving ) .
The four-speed overdrive transmission shifts smoothly responsively for the most part .
In this model , the shifter is mounted to the steering column .
The cockpit is laid out comfortably , with most controls easily accessible few ( any ) surprises .
The cruise control buttons are on the face of the steering wheel ; on-off on the left accelerate/coast/resume on the right .
The driver 's seat in this configuration has a seat-back tilt adjustment forward/backward adjustment , both manual .
There is lumbar adjustment .
There are sturdy anchor-points for two child car seats on the car 's rear deck .
There is a single small , rather strangely-shaped glove compartment the ubiquitous door-side map pockets .
Ford provides a single cubby in the dashboard for front-seat passengers .
Rear-seat passengers have pockets on the seatbacks suitable for stowing a magazine little else .
There are two power ports , both in front ( one doubles as a cigarette lighter ) .
The rearseat passengers have two flip-out cupholders ; front seat passengers have two cupholders molded into the underside of the fold-up seatbottom .
This latter surface also has minimal storage for cassettes a few coins ; it dumps its contents when inverted ( surprise there ) to form a seat cushion .
The only locking space in the cabin is the glove compartment .
Note , that when the seat is in "bench " configuration , there are cup holders little storage ( moot , anyway , since the room be rather limited ) .
The circumference is notched for a cargo net , though there was in the rental vehicle ( it be standard have "disappeared " ) .
The lid opens with a key a dash-mounted remote ; there is also an emergency latch for opening from the inside .
The rear seats do fold down , is there any sort of "pass-through " for carrying long cargo ; a disappointing of a feature available in other trim lines on competing models .
Engine noise is somewhat intrusive , partially because this particular engine to be rather "grumbly . "
Road noise is minimal unless the road surface is coarse , but wind noise is also rather pronounced .
Highs Lows
Positives : the Accelerator Pedal
+/SYM good rear-seat room
+/SYM large trunk capacity
+/SYM fuel economy
Mmmmm , Maybe : The Neutral Zone
= engine acceleration
= road handling braking
= an average climate-control system
= road noise wind noise
Negatives : the Brake Pedal
- fold-down rear seat
- amateurish-looking design to interior components , especially the " console "
- cheesy stock sound system
- poor quality control ( see below )
- that stupid front-seat console of interior storage .
On Quality
One of the reasons many US buyers deserted American carmakers in the seventies early eighties was the perception of poor quality in US cars .
In only four day 's exposure , I noted the following defects :
- The ignition key was hard to turn more than once to release from the "START " position -- this left the starter motor engaged until I manually released the key .
- At least one body seam had variable width along its length , a definite no-no ( one panel is therefore misaligned )
- Flashing ( excess plastic from the molding process ) had been trimmed off the interior of the trunk , especially in the clips for the cargo net .
- The fuel gage rise above 7/8 even when filled .
Overall
Ford to have decided to rest on its laurels with this vehicle , has done what is necessary to keep it competitive with the Camry , Accord , Galant , Impala , the like .
I they 're counting on brand loyalty -- inertia -- to keep the Taurus selling while they expend all their energy on their SUVs .
a good , Ford !
recommended , for unimaginative exterior styling , some truly stupid interior styling , poor quality , average drivability .
There are better cars on the road ; let 's buy them .
Tammy Wynette : country-Western artist , most widely known for her counter-feminist anthem " Stand By Your Man "
As you know , large SUVs have been stirring up a lot of controversy lately that buyers know about before purchasing .
I recently purchased a new car , but an SUV first did a lot of research into them promptly changed my mind .
Of course , unless you have $ 40,000+ to spend on one , you are going to have a high car payment .
Which is obvious , most consumers this .
But did you budget the high fuel cost as well ?
A Lincoln Navigator weights between 5,424 to 5,774 pounds .
Because of this , it has a V8 engine .
Meaning that a Navigator driver is paying on average 3 to 4 times more for gas that a car driver .
This will add somewhere between $ 100 to $ 250 a month to your car payment .
Okay , gas is cheap now;..but for how long ?
When it goes back up , typically the resale value on the Navigator other large SUVs goes down considerably , one wants something that is going to use that much gas when the cost is unsteady .
That's a lot of money to lose .
Because the Navigator is big heavy , the driver gets into an accident , it will cause a lot of property damage injuries that your insurance company will have to pay for .
On top of that , there is a big risk that the drivers drivers family of the smaller cars will sue you .
Which means you and/or your insurance company be out a lot of money .
They plan for this by charging a lot higher premium on SUVs than normal size cars .
This vary with no-fault states .
You get a quote from your insurance company first .
Now , on average , the Navigator puts out over 3 times the carbon dioxide of a normal sized car .
This really angers people who care about the environment causes them to do things to protest against this .
Where they'll put bumper stickers on your SUV say things like your changing the climate you don't care about the air .
Please check out the sites I have listed below for more information on this .
http ://abcnews.go.com/sections/us/DailyNews/madtaggers001225.html
http ://www.baaction .org/SUVticket/index .html
http ://www.idontcareaboutair.com/bumpers/index .shtml
http ://poseur.4x4.org/topten .html
This is a new trend who knows where it will go .
That's just more costs to worry about .
Like keeping your vehicle in your garage ?
But , you leave is outside , it 's always dirty that 's a lot of SUV to wash have washed .
One more popular misconception about large SUVs is that they are safer for families .
For the most part , they are .
Please check http ://www.iihs .org
first !
The new VW Beetle gets better crash test ratings that most Ford/Lincoln SUVs trucks .
Do your research first on any SUV.
I recommend outlining why you need an SUV, maybe a minivan be better because you save $ 10,000 to $ 15,000 , have a safer , more versatile vehicle get better gas mileage .
maybe something that large is needed at all .
I was attracted to the 2002 Mirage coupe because as a short , slender female , the car was a dream .
The seats enveloped me comfortably ( far more so than the Lancer ) - even on long road trips .
However , the back seat was an entirely different story .
Rigid firm with little leg room for my 8 9 year old , they constantly complained .
During the first year , the car performed well .
However , after the 1 year mark hit , little things started happening all at once : Driver window slide back up an initial KER-KLUNK , bulbs began blowing out , the lighter quit working ( the fuse ) , the engine , in spite of professional maintenance , began to sound ill .
I know there are better alternatives in this class I 'd you save your money on this one , unless you want a vehicle full of problems long before the notorious 3 year mark .
When I took delivery of this car in June 2002 , it was little known often mistaken for a Honda Civic .
One of the first ones on the street of Toronto , I immediately got compliments taking the members of a local car club free rides in some twisty industrial areas .
At that time , it was essentially "one of a kind " .
The Subaru WRX the Toyota Celica GTS.
At 6'3" , the Subaru WRX did *not* fit my physical dimensions .
It had a too-low ceiling enough legroom .
After already having leased a Focus ZX3 , the anticipation was killing me as I awaited the announcement of the replacement for the SVT Contour .
I had premonitions that Ford produce the SVT Focus , that was confirmed in February of 2001 .
When Ford finally took orders in July of 2001 , I was the first one at my dealership - a test drive .
At 170 bhp , the new SVT Zetec engine was the most advanced four-cylinder engine ever produced .
Its variable intake manifold complimented well with the variable cam timing .
With 145lb-ft of torque 80 % of that @ 2500rpm , torque-steer was still non-existent .
The best feature in this car was its handling - it is a 1/4mile car .
Its revised suspension consisting of higher spring rates , larger stabilizers 1/2 " lowered stance , made this car corner like it was on a slot-car track .
I was quite aware of this when after just 4500 km of daily driving , I had finally performed the official "breaking-in " at a local road track .
Accompanied with higher-power Ford Mustangs both vintage new , the SVT Focus ate them all for lunch through the corners .
I carried most of my speed through the corners having to brake .
Though once I reached the straightaways , I had to say goodbye to all the distanced gained from the corners , watching helplessly as supercharged Mustangs passed me by .
worries .
I fully enjoyed travelling to the twisting , crooked roads of Maine from Toronto , Ontario .
Frost heaves in that region did n't affect the handling of the car too much .
The off-cambered , blind 90-degree turns were problem for the SVT Focus .
I , on the other hand felt the instant gratification the moment the car stuck through the apex out the other side .
As a daily driver , after having driven it for more than a year , as the gas prices rose to gasping proportions in Canada , it gets pricey .
High-octane gas (91+ ) is the standard , though for spirited driving , I recommend Sunoco 's 92 94.
The cost of an oil change dramatically increases as well from that of the ZX3 .
After the break-in period , only synthetic oils touched the inside of the engine .
Compared to other sport compacts of similar size , the SVT Focus has PUNCH.
Sure , you also modify other imports *try* , just *try* to match its overall package , but you do n't like spending your time extra money trying to decide what *might* work for you , save your money buy something that 's FUN FAST right out of the box .
Just do n't forget to break those tabs before operating .
You 'd see me buy one of those but I drove enough in a rental car to make myself a good opinion .
Quite silent at highway speed for tire noise .
Handling is too bad healthy , body roll is contained , brakes are strong enough in spite of the of rear discs .
Seats have absolutely lateral , which makes driving on twisty roads a real pain .
Auto gearbox 4th gear is way too long , engine torque to hold it unless road is flat .
Steering mounted gear lever is clumsy although it saves space for stuff between the seats .
Upshifts are okay although hesitations at low speeds , but downshifts are slow .
Build quality is really average to low , I had the steering lock mechanism coming out inadvertently .
Plastics quality assy leaves to be desired , we are far , far away from Audi-league .
At the time of this writing , I have had my SVT Focus for about two weeks , I...am ...in love .
Let 's start with the visuals ... Personally , I have a very slight issue with the way the window line travels up to the rear of the car on the sides , then back down to a point on the gate .
I do n't it looks bad , per se , but I ca n't tell you exactly what the issue I have actually is .
I only say there 's something about it .
So , I ordered mine in black only because I love black cars , but also to de-emphasize the rear window line .
I even blacked out the windows with dark tint .
I it looks completely sharp in black , let me tell you -- Darth Vader drove a car , this be it .
I love Ford 's New Edge design concept , which traces it 's roots back directly to the Ford GT-90 concept car of the early nineties ( who says concept cars serve purpose in the production world ? ) , I they did a particularly bang-up job with the Focus 3-door ( much better than the new-style Cougar ) .
The car looks like it 's hauling a-- even when it 's parked .
I often find myself standing staring at it after parking just because it looks so darned cool .
that cheap sugar icing , -- we 're talking gourmet butter icing , baby !
, although it is defined as a " small car , " it really is n't that small .
It 's taller than most of the cars I park next to , the wheelbase is
The smell of the leather interior is absolutely dreamy , it is outdone only by the way the SVT seat wraps around you makes you completely comfy while driving .
They fit [me ] so well , in fact , that when I 'm driving , I actually the seat .
Say what ?
You read that right .
Let me explain ...
Even after extended periods in the car , the seat feels completely natural .
This is due , in part , to the nice adjustments Ford built into them .
only you adjust the lumbar , back angle , forward position , but you also adjust the ride height of the seat .
Very nice for adjusting the headroom seeing over the steering wheel , you need a "boost " .
BTW , I 'm 6'1" , 200 lbs. , just so you gauge .
Driving position is excellent sporty .
The steering wheel gear shifter are exactly where they be in relation to the driver .
All controls are within easy reach , the leather-wrapped wheel shift knob are a dream to grab .
The silver-faced guage cluster is awesome easy to see .
At night , the faces glow green the numbers are black .
I the stereo controls have been laid out a little more stylishly , but they are n't bad ( They 're definitely better than the plastic toy Speak 'n Spell-style buttons that GM loves to put in their vehicles ! ) .
The stereo display is large very easy to read .
Oh , by-the-way , it sounds great , too !
The subwoofer is very powerful , especially for an eight-incher .
It is concealed in a nicely-finished ported box that sits on the driver-side wall in the cargo area .
This takes up a little bit of your cargo room , of course , but hey -- did I buy an SVT to haul groceries gear in huge quantities ?
I deal with it .
The six-disc in-dash CD changer is a luxury -- annoying cartridge to deal with ; you just load them all in the slot .
There is also a radio/stereo control stalk that comes off the steering column on the lower left side for easy finger-tip sound control while driving .
In summation , when you close the door seal yourself inside , the relationship of driver car is T-I-G-H-T.
It 's bothersome to me , but it irks someone like you , then the application of some aftermarket spray undercoating take care of a lot of the noise .
Yes , the ride is rough on less-than-desireable roads , but I n't have it any other way .
You pay a price for a car that performs handles as well as the SVT Focus .
Handling is a dream , pure simple .
I did n't it was , but the SVT handles as well is as fun to drive as my hopped-up Alfa Romeo GTV6 , that is saying a lot ! ! !
you have ever driven an Alfa , you know what fun they are , the SVT matches .
The car goes exactly where you point it , there is perceivable torque steer , which is something that has always irked me about front-drivers .
How tight is it ?
Last night I took a corner that was marked for 30 MPH at 65 .
I do n't recommend you try this at home .
Coming into the unexpected turn , I I was going to dig a trench , but , the SVT dipped its nose , dug in , sprung right back out again , taking the turn teaching the road a lesson while it was at it .
Amazing .
It behaved like it had a tough racing torsion bar suspension .
In , dip , out .
For a front-driver especially ( 61 %/39 % weight distribution ) , the handling is amazingly neutral .
There is pronounced over- understeer , unless you really want it to be there .
Once again , the driver is in command .
The engine is amazing .
Seriously .
There are dead spots in the power curve .
From stop to redline , the motor will pull go like a champ , with perceivable lag anywhere , it sounds great doing it .
The gear ratios are right on target , too .
Normally , with a modern manual transmission (esp.
a six-speed ) I fifth sixth gear to be sort of an "overdrive " gear ; worth much for performance .
However , sixth gear in the SVT is actually a useable gear .
In addition to the VIVT system , Ford also stuck in some other improvements , including forged steel connecting rods , aluminum pistons , a dual-stage intake system , which dramatically improves torque low-end performance .
The compression ratio is also higher , at 10.2:1 , so you have to use premium fuel .
you want to know how these work , you find the info at http ://www .svt.ford.com
You have to be careful when shopping for an SVT Focus , because many dealers will charge an extra fee on top of the MSRP simply because it 's an SVT , therefore more collectible .
However , you shop around , you find dealers that wo n't gouge you .
I found mine at Covert Ford , in Austin , for sticker : $ 19,265.00 ,
which is exactly what Ford says they charge .
In case you did n't know , all Ford dealers sell SVT cars .
Only specially-authorized dealers get them , they are only allotted a certain number per year .
you find one for MSRP , do n't to talk them down on the price , .
SVTs are also usually exempt from any special deals rebates .
Having the SVT badge on your car guarantees a certain level of collectibility , the dealers know it .
Being an SVT owner has other perks as well .
You get a free one-year membership to the SVT Owners Assoc. , a free loaner car when yours is in for servicing .
Nice touch .
you 're into it , there are also TONS of aftermarket performance parts available for the Focus .
I 'd seen them before out on the road I always they looked cheap , almost plastic like ... First off the colors they offer ....blech ....to make a cheap product look nice they offer something nicer than maroon .
to hurt my neighbors feelings even when they they had bought a top of the line product I just kind of shrugged said it was "nice " .
My first was , morons , 've bought an Odyssey a Windstar even a Quest .
I that most people that buy the Villager really want a Quest but just ca n't afford one .
So my neighbor took me for a spin in her new van .
The door handle felt just like I ...cheap like I just twist it right off the van ...
The seat felt like I was sitting on a tower with the windshield against my face .
I swear I see my breath 's on the windsheild while she drove .
There was center console , a big drawback in my opinion something that be standard on a more than basic model .
The controls were all handy but again , cheap looking .
The interior was very drab the seat covers covered up that mistake well .
I did safe at all in this van .
I 'd say the back seating was sufficient for the very back seat .
There did to be much leg room .
What did I like ?
The trunk back window .
YOu open the trunk completely just the window .
There is a handy shelf system but it 's made of plastic I this will break after a while somehow .
I also like the length of the vehicle .
It be easy to move from a sedan to this vehicle n't take long to get used to it .
I 've seen a lot of these Villager 's out on the road I 've noticed they do n't hold their shiney integrity once they 're a year old so .
They start to look , cheap , the paint dulls right up the two tone models just exagerate this even more in my opinion .
They show scuffs scratches very easily , maybe it is the quality of paint they use ?
I 'd say pass this vehicle up .
It did do well at all on crash tests for what my neighbor paid ( $ 28,000 ) they have gotten an a lot nicer minivan .
In my opinion , steer clear of this van .
pay more than $ 22,000 you have to have one .
PT Cruisers are cute looking little cars .
Our experience with the car , the large Phoenix area Chrysler dealership that we bought it from is that it is a horrible vehicle to own .
In 40 years of car ownership , with at least 12 new cars numerous used cars purchased , this was our first genuine "lemon . "
Aside from being a gas hog , comfortable enough for anything other than short trips around town , the car has proven to be unreliable for use as basic transportation .
In two years of ownership , the PT Cruiser had warranty recall work on the electrical system , suspension system , windows , tires , fuel system .
My wife had a high-speed unexplained blow-out/tread in heavy urban traffic that nearly resulted in an accident .
Granted , this ( ) have been the PT 's fault , BUT when she called for the "roadside service , " a feature touted as part of the 3 year bumper-to-bumper warranty , ( towing , tire changes , lock-outs , gas , etc. ) the Chrysler warranty folks refused to honor the request to come to her aid to change the blown out tire .
They told us that according to THEIR records , " we were n't the actual owners of the car ! "
The VIN was ( in their records ) registered to someone we heard of .
This was a shock , since we ordered it waited exactly one year for delivery ...then paid cash ( the full sticker price ) at the dealer 's only eighteen months ( 8,000 miles ) prior to the mishap .
Three different times , the wife had to call me to " jump start " the car drive it to the dealer because of sudden , totally batteries .
At 6000 miles , the OEM tires mysteriously " slipped " on the chrome wheels , creating a bad out of balance situation .
( Again..."normal , " according to the dealership . )
When I asked the dealer 's service department to evaluate it , ( while they changed out another dead battery ) our " service manager " glanced at it said : " Normal !
Since " they all do that , " I asked him to show me another car on his huge lot that had a brake drum that was defoliating layers of iron anywhere nearly like ours .
He got defensive walked away , snapping that they " check it out ."
There was a strong , sour ( as in sour milk ) odor each time the air conditioning was turned on after the car sat for a few hours in hot weather .
It usually took about 10 minutes to abate .
In total , the PT Cruiser was easily THE SINGLE WORST new car I have ever had the misfortune to own .
We 're very happy to be rid of it .
You know you're in trouble when , after driving a certain car for just three days , you find yourself desperately looking for something to like about that car .
"Gear shifter looks cool" the reasoning begins .
But alas , it just is mean to be , the Mercury Cougar is simply a great car .
Cougars of past have been big , luxury cars , high powered muscle cars .
This Cougar is .
It is front-wheel drive a V8 engine is nowhere to be found .
the badges , you'd be hard pressed to figure out that this is a Cougar .
so with many other Ford products ; Mustang , Thunderbird , F-150 .
They all look like what they are .
Even you don't know the first thing about cars , a Mustang still looks like a Mustang .
The Cougar XR (essentially an appearance package on the Sport ) offers many standard features : V6 , 6-disc , in-dash CD changer , leather seating , traction control , split folding rear seat , air-conditioning etc .
The outside is jazzed up with a hood scoop , rear spoiler , 16 inch alloys , fog lights .
There is actually quite a lot of stuff packed into this little car considering the price .
XR Cougars come with special logos on the door pillars floor mats .
Coming soon ; a 35th anniversary edition , you guessed it , just another appearance package .
The Cougar is its strong points , mainly , stand-out exterior styling an interior to match .
The Mercury Cougar is a good looking sporty coupe .
Its edgy styling gets noticed in a crowd .
Whatever your perspective , you'd have to admit it is different looking .
Note to Ford : The Cougar is a half-bad looking car , loose the fake hood scoop FAST !
So many modern cars lure us with their rakish good looks on the outside , only to fall short once we're inside the car .
so with the Cougar , the edgy styling theme continues inside the Cougar with metallic looking surfaces racy gauges .
Aftermarket style pedals , chrome accent door sills , sport seats with body color inserts , bucket rear seats , an elegant but simple door panel design continue the style-fest inside .
that is where the praise ends , a simple summation of all the Cougar's strong points easily be stated as such ; "looks cool inside out ."
Although the interior is great looking , it is essential useless for carrying more than two people .
Rear seats are for kids only , even the front seats cramped times .
Storage space up front is limited , what storage containers there are cheap plasticky .
The glove box alone as the hard plastic it is made of break with just one overly assertive slam .
Switchgear feels durable , but the ergonomic correctness of many Japanese cars .
On the road the Cougar handles well .
In fact , at times , the Cougar be downright fun .
The P215/50R16 tires provide more than adequate grip when carving up back roads , traction control is a welcome addition on a budget priced car .
On paper , the Cougar to have it all , but in the real world "just ok " comes to mind .
Road noise is unacceptably high on all but the smoothest streets .
Certainly one a $ 20,000 sporty coupe to like a Lexus , but the harshness of the Cougar's ride is enough to make an owner want to avoid long trips .
Even the Dodge Stratus has more pleasant road manners on the open highway .
Yes , it is great that the Cougar is available with a V6 , but that 170 hp V6 is noisy unrefined , running through the gears be so much more rewarding the noise level was kept down .
Power is adequate , but more .
An imprecise shift linkage saps some of the driving fun .
The compressor switching on off so taxes the engine that a jolt , slight buck results , fun !
Again , a car like the Dodge Stratus boasts a more refined engine transmission .
The Cougar is available with a 4-cylinder engine as well , but given the barely adequate performance of the V6 , one can't help but skeptical about viability of the 4-cylinder version in everyday driving situations .
A bright spot in the Cougar's power train is fuel economy .
The 2002 Cougar's 2.5L DOHC V6 has an estimated 30 mpg highway 21 city , bad for a little V6 .
The Cougar is an attractive looking sporty coupe , with many features at a reasonable price .
While one argue with the fun of a V6 hooked up to a 5-speed manual , there are plenty of other cars that offer twice the fun , twice the refinement at about the same price .
one is shopping for a new car the Cougar is the first car they drive , it will most impress .
But , as soon as that same shopper drives a VW GTI , the Cougar will be but a distant memory .
Fitting , because the Cougar will soon be a distant memory for us all , Mercury will longer make the current Cougar after the 2002 model year .
Mac has fashioned a prettier toaster in the form of its new desktop , but unfortunately , the toast does taste better .
My difficulties with using this product are numerous , the fact that Mac has only 5 % of the market share on computers is fully understandable ; they make a terrible product that is very compatible with standard software , the Microsoft Office Suite of applications .
First , there is scroll-to-zoom feature .
This means that the mouse wheel be used to zoom in out ( enlarge minimize ) a document for editing , proofing , viewing .
More insulting , mouse driver is available on the internet to install this essential feature that is STANDARD on Windows machines .
Many sites offer such a driver , but I have yet to find one that works at all .
To this end , I purchased 3 mouse accessories were able to zoom within a document .
Assigning shortcuts keys are essential for more proficient computer users .
Thus , this is a debilitating fault .
Standard shortcut key assignments in word applications are cross-application translatable in Excel PowerPoint , although these three applications in a suite for purchase are most compatible in this manner on a PC !
The Mac product to persist like an uninvited houseguest , overstaying its welcome utility .
Frankly , Mac has made my job more difficult downright with inefficient document handling un-user friendly filing systems .
Also , having to drag down a menu bar just to perform a function is a time-waster .
mouse is needed for the most common tasks , making usage a breeze for the more dexterous .
Also , the Macs horrible desktop display choices make me like a punished three-year-old .
What purpose does it serve to hold the Mac user hostage to someone else's factory preferences ?
Finally , memory problems on the Mac abound , causing system crashes daily .
This does contribute to productivity .
Mac causes problems , solves problems .
Technical at Apple borders on IRS-style hostility .
I was told that my brand new iMac was 8 years old , based on the serial number I gave the lady over the phone .
She refused to help me past that point unless I bought !
What a rip-off .
I have receive more from old pantyhose !
I recommend that Apple go out of business ( take their tacky department with them ) recall its awful products immediately .
We highly recommend fully decking out your G5 .
We ordered a $ 6,000 souped up model ( maximum hard drive , RAM , processors , etc. )
It worked briefly each time we picked it up after repair .
We knew immediately that it rev up like a jet engine immediately upon booting slow down .
It has frozen up , to recognize the operating system , take fifteen minutes to boot up ...you name it , it has n't worked .
We do massive Final Cut Pro editing looked forward to the machined used to create " Finding Nemo . "
Last night , we bought our 8th external hard drive so we back up the one drive that is working on our G5 .
They are trying it out with the original hard drive ( smaller , but it works , fine with us ) to see it find its brain again .
We are about to seek a refund for our $ 6,000 purchase .
it worked , it be worth it ... because when it does work , it is a productivity dream .
But it 's now a nightmare
The name Apple Computer is synonymous with quality hardware happy users .
Many will be happy to find that the latest high-end system from Apple does n't break the mold .
Hardware Overview
The specs are listed for this computer by Epinions so I wo n't waste space with those .
However , I 'll point out some interesting things that are new and/or noteable on this system .
The 1.42 ghz system has a better looking hardware package than its 1.25 ghz sibling .
This computer 's enhancements include :
166 megahertz speed increase
120 gigabyte hard drive ( 40 gb more than the 1.25 system )
512 megabytes of RAM ( 256 mb more than the 1.25 system )
2 mb L3 cache *see : http ://www.apple .com/powermac/architecture .html*
( 1 mb more than the 1.25 system )
The following are improvements over the previous generation of Powermacs are included in all current Powermacs :
An optional DVD/CD reader burner ( Superdrive ) .
Firewire 800 technology ( an advanced form of the origional firewire interface allows for external devices to be connected to the computer at up to two times the speed of the origional firewire . )
Airport Extreme ( the next generation of wireless networking capabilities .
Uses the "g " technology of wireless interfacing to allow for up to 54 mbps , which is improved from the former 11 mpps . )
Experience
Truly a joy to use .
I 've loved this system from the day I opened it up .
It comes boxed packed precisely carefully .
After I got it up running , I put my old backed up data onto this system was running immediately .
I realize that many are unfamiliar with the Apple world , however .
For you , I say that this system works just like the other Apple systems , just much faster .
There are n't any additional hurdles to learning the operating system specialized hardware .
This computer is very quick accessible to anybody .
The operating system is called " OSX" .
The X is for 10 .
Look for reviews for " OS 10.2 : Jaguar " you want to read about experiences with the Apple OS.
I 've had hardware problems .
I 've upgraded the RAM added an Airport Extreme card into the computer .
The total time spent on these tasks be less than 2 minutes .
I 've been impressed with how intuitive everything is .
Performance
This is a great computer .
The reason it wo n't recieve a full score is that it does n't have the speed of the current PC systems .
Motorola , Apple 's G4 chip makers , has put the money into RandD necessary to keep up with Intel AMD.
It will finish many tests with a slightly slower score than a PC with over double the megahertz ( 3 ghz Intel systems are now commonplace ) .
I make these points to illustrate that the gap is devastating .
I burn CDs at 32x have the cutting edge wireless technology in Airport Extreme , mentioned earlier .
Productivity in all areas is perfectly acceptable .
OSX is revolutionary addictive .
That being , I 'd rather take the best software mid-line hardware .
I absolutely love the OS so slightly slower test scores dissuade me from purchasing this computer .
My recommendation to everybody is to try out Apple 's OSX .
you like it , then this computer is more than worth your money .
Those interested wait until June 27th to find out Apple releases their newest systems then .
Keep an eye out at Apple 's website ( Apple .com )
other sites to know when your dollars will be best spent .
The first thing you notice about the P25 S507 is the huge screen .
At 17 inches , it is as big as you get while still being "portable . "
After you get past just the size of the screen , you will find a fairly laptop .
Although I say laptop very loosely as you will see .
First off the specs :
Desktop : Pentium 4 with Hyper threading 2.8 GHZ
Screen : 17 inches
Weight : about 10 lbs
Storage : 60 gigs hard drive
DVD : DVD R/RW , yes you write DVD ! ! !
Internet : Ethernet integrated wireless adapter
Connectivity : 4 USB2 ports an IEE Port
RAM : 512 mb
Video : GeforceGo 5200fx 32 mg VRAM
Battery Life : About 2 hours , roughly 1 1/2 with heavy use .
Operating system : Windows XP
Impressions : The extra wide screen size ability to burn your own DVD 's lends this laptop to be consider an extremely good movable movie theater .
It has really good sound , with two stereo Harmon/Karmon speakers .
The screen is pretty clear crisp , so movies pictures are pretty good .
Though quite as good as a HDTV , but too bad .
I 'm a pretty big movie buff , so the ability to watch my favorites movies anywhere is a big factor for me .
Plus with the extra wide screen format , it lends itself perfectly for movies .
Preloaded programs also makes it quite versatile .
I found the Quicken program the most useful as I balance my finances .
Connecting to the internet was quite easy , did require a lot of tinkering .
Playing games on this machine is great , the high specs on the machine allows me to play a game like FreeLancer at good frame rates .
You will have to buy an external mouse , since the touch pad is really made for games .
I have try it yet with a graphics intensive game , but when Doom3 Half2 comes out , I 'll let you know .
I have been able to find a program to uses the hyper-threading aspect of the CPU , so I give any impressions on that .
While this is consider a laptop , I really of it more as an movable movie theater .
Why ?
Plus , with the extra wide screen , you fit it in an average laptop bag .
The size of the laptop itself makes it harder to move from place to place .
You movie it from room to room from house to house , but I recommend using it in where your lap is your only option .
This laptop requires a desk .
I 've found one , but it barely fit requires some squeezing .
Bottom line .
Great for movies , so great for your lap .
HP has come out with their own 17 inch widescreen notebook labeled the zd7000 which is the customizabe version of the zd70XX series .
so you see other notebooks with zd70XX , everything apply for certain things like the processor speed , amount of ram video ram , size of the harddrive , the wireless option is installed .
now that you know the difference , lets get on with the review .
my specs are :
3.2 ghz processor
512 MB ram
128 mb nvidia geforce graphics
dvd+r dvd writer
this work better since embedded behind the laptop screen , there are antennaes which greatly increase the effectiveness of the wireless .
other than that , I am extremely happy with this laptop .
its quite as nice as my apple g4 17 but then what is ?
so here 's the run down :
screen
thats really impressive , i definitely have more work space , the colors are crisp , although it will a bit dull under flourescent lighting , but this is due to them installing a protective shield like the toshiba p25-s607 which also uses this screen , but crisper .
but their screens dont look great outdoors .
so its a trade off .
one thing that weird is that the screen is narrower than what you be used to with other laptops monitors , but this is a wide screen , therefore you get more sideways real estate but also lose the top-to-bottom real estate .
all in all , the screen is fantastic .
I have been able to work with 2 full windows of word excel ( that doesnt mean maximized ) its just great expecially when editing documents .
keyboard touchpad
the keyboard is also cool because it features the numeric keypad which i havent seen on other laptops .
you also get a full size backspace key too which comes in handy a lot .
as for the touchpad , one annoying design issue is that they decided to make the touchpad wide , so when i do type through the keyboard i tend to rest my palms on the laptop , my hands tend to somehow glide onto the touchpad which puts the cursor somewhere .
this movement is annoyingh especially when editing documents because i accidentally move the cursor somewhere so that when i do look at the screen to see what else i need , i find the text in odd places .
This is definitely annoying , but I havent heard of any other complaints .
even decreasing the sensitivity doesnt completely fix the solution .
sound
the speakers on this laptop are harmon kardon speakers , they are fanastic .
i have n't heard sound this great on a laptop ever .
i had a bunch of mp3 from my last computer that I played on this laptop at first , I the speakers were n't any good because of the tinny sound , but then I realized that it was because of the bit rate encoding , it was encoded at 96 bits of 128 196 for cd quality .
with these speakers .
battery life ...battery life ...battery life ...
it wont last longer than 2 hrs , but you do some power saving things such as reduce the brightness of the screen , dont use the dvd drive , etc , but then whats the fun ? this is definitely meant as a desktop replacement .
otherwise you purchase extra batteries one of those solar panels that power it up .
along the lines of battery power , is the actual power converter brick .
its slightly larger than other converters too .
its also a 3 prong plug going into the brick , so you plan on using a mini power surge protector , belkin has a nice one , i dont targus makes one , at least they didnt have one at best buy .
my overall impression of the laptop is two thumbs up . the blue lighting is very mesmerizing , the dvd drive is very responsive .
i havent tried burning a dvd yet , i have to find some tiem to buy dvd r blanks , i wish it were a multi drive , but ca n't have everything .
also , the dvd drive is a 4x drive , the included roxio software lists it as a 2.4x but when I installed nero 6 , it read it as a 4x drive .
the case definitely sturdy , there is flex in the keyboard , at least that i tell ( i dont want to break this ) also this laptop is heavy .
its about 10 pounds with the battery the adapter .
there are 4 usb 2.0 connections a firewire conenction , the small one , parallel port vga out .
there is also s-video out which i havent tried , but will do soon .
downsides
some of the design problems i have with this are that the ac plug goes into the back left of the laptop of at the back .
this is ok , but annoying .
the placement of the volume buttons being on the top of the keybaord , near the quick launch buttons , who of this ? i guess ive been spoiled with volume buttons being on the sides .
the only firewire connection is on the left side which is also weird , b/c I tend to just leave my firewire external hdd plugged in , so i usually have this plug protruding from the left side .
thats somewhat annyoing .
the size of the beast also makes it difficult to purchase bags .
since it just hit the market , most bags that are able to carry it are bulky ugly .
the ones that fit the G4 wont fit this .
which blows because now i have to find another bag .
i was hoping the timbuk2 bag which just came out for the g4 fit , but to avail .
it was made to tightly fit the apple .
another thing is when typing with this on yer laptop , which i dont recommend since you will be covering the fan inlets , the positioning the keybaord will make it weird to type .
that definitely takes some getting used to , the heat makes it so good .
one other thing is that this laptop doesnt have themedia controls that many other laptops have , that allow you to play your cds turning on the computer .

this machine is great .
its definitely an investment to be happy with .
i especially liked the fact that i customize it to my liking , when yer buying a laptop , especially a wintel machine , you want to about the future what you 'll be able to do .
the HT hyperthreading on this is great an all , but there arent that many applications that take advantage of that just yet , other than some of those intensive graphics apps database apps .
but its cool to have !
also the 128MB of video ram also allows me to play future games as well as todays latest .
i havent had a chance to load up some graphics heavy games , but from what i saw on my friends with only 64 mb on his toshiba p25 , i am sure mine will blow his away !
However , I have found lots of flaws with this computer .
First of all , it does n't have a disk drive ( the hard square disks ) , you have to buy that seperately ( which runs about 100$ ! ) .
only that , this computer has frequent crashes ( about once every week so ) .
That is a problem in itself , but to make matters worse there is set of keys that you press to restart the computer .
You have to hold down the power button for about ten seconds for the computer to turn off .
A few times even that has n't worked I actually had to unplug my computer .
However , the computer does have a lot of memory , it is pretty quick , is good you do n't constantly have to import export things from your computer .
The tech is very helpful too ...however , I have WAY too many friends there considering this is to be a very reliable computer .
This computer came with a Pentium 4 3.0Ghz , 1Gig of PC 1600 RAM , A 120Gig 7200 Hard Drive , quiet keyboard Altec Lansing5.1 surround sound speakers.It also came with a 16x DVD-RW CD-RW drive .
When I placed the order for this computer I also added on the Dell Movie Studio Plus with FireWire S-Video in outputs .
This video card was the ATI Radeon 120MB DDR Video Card promised to do wonderful things with my home movie collection .
I also upgraded the audio card to the Audiogy 2 SoundBlaster live 5.1 .
Once I placed the order after the order was processed on its way to me , I received a call from Dell saying that the upgraded video audio cards were available at the time of the order taking that Dell has shipped them seperatly .
They told me to worry because it was easy to install them once I received the computer .
I found this a little bizarre but I graciously complied , anxious to receive my mega machine .
I ordered my computer on Dec 20 2002 did receive it until Jan 15 2003 .
I 'm glad I paid the extra 100 bucks for the 2 day shipping guarantee .
When I received my computer I proceeded to install the upgraded video audio cards which as promised arrived seperately a few days later .
From this point on I have had nothing but problems .
I was on the phone day in day out for 2 weeks trying to get tech to help me figure out what was wrong .
I was bounced around like a power spike from department to department hoping each time I hear the voice of God telling me what the problem was .
But sadly that day came .
I was confronted with short tempered tech people , an ignorant uncaring sales tribe the most confused disorderly customer service this side of a liquidation sale at Kmart .
After several calls , arguments upset stomachs Dell finally agreed to send out a technician was nice enough to charge me the 95 bucks an hour fee for it .
The technician replaced the mother board .
That did n't work .
He came back the following week changed both the audio video cards , guess what , that did n't work .
After I begged pleaded for them to take back the computer , which they did they finally sent me a second replacement computer last week .
When I called customer service to find out why they sent me another computer , they were aware of the situation .
So here I sit in my home office with two brand new four thousand dollar plus Dell desktops which dont work whatsoever .
I really wanted to do my video audio editing on this computer I had heard that Dell had a good product even better tech .
I was so wrong .
But do n't to bad for me because when I purchased the computer I chose the pay next year deal which means that I have paid for this item yet will since I cancelled my credit card .
Somebody better come pick these two Dells up soon give me one what works before I put them both on Ebay buy a Mac G4
Why reviews on this model ?
This is a brand exclusive to Circuit City so I do n't most folks comfortable with it yet .
They give it a try .
There is a lot to love about the Sharp Actius RD10 .
It has so many features that other laptops do .
Shared memory !
That 's right , most laptops have about a half a gig of SDRAM , but they share that with the video .
Now , in the majority of cases this wo n't be an issue . . but you plan to play any of todays graphic-intense games , you need it to be shared .
That was what swung us to buy this model .
We ca n't be having our memory smashed in the middle of battle . . know what I 'm sayin ?
heh .
problemo with this baby !
Number two be the display : Amazingly crisp , bright , clear display .
Brighter even than any of our CRTs !
On our desk tops we 're running a Sony Multiscan 400PS on mine , a Samsung Syncmaster 1200NF.
This laptop monitor blows them both away on clarity .
No.
I 'm talking Oh hell look at the difference in this puppy !
It 's also surprising to me that there is difference in this between battery it 's plugged in .
Just a freakin sweet display !
The sound is also , of course , built in .
There are two speakers up near the display while they wo n't rival your desk top speakers , they do the job .
You wo n't want to be cranking your music CDs on this , but for watching a DVD cruising the web they are more than adequate .
Have a digital camera ?
Plug your memory card right in to the front side !
That 's right , need for extra gadgets , this sucker I has a slot for about any size camera flash card .
Very convenient indeed ...and it 's fast .
Actually , the pictures come up faster on this than on my big Micron Millennia .
The wireless ( 802.11B ) is built in .
The wireless works seemlessly on this baby too .
I tell difference between cruising the web on this with the wirelss my PC which is cabled to the hub .
It worked when we took it upstairs too .
All the geeky stuff :
2.8-GHz Pentium 4 , 512MB of DDR SDRAM , Windows XP Home , 15-inch XGA screen , NVidia GeForce4 420 Go with 32MB of DDR SDRAM , 60GB hard drive , 8X DVD-ROM 24X/10X/24X CD-RW combo drive , built-in V.90 modem , 10/100 ethernet port , touchpad pointing device , One-year parts labor warranty ; lifetime 24-hour daily toll-free technical .
Battery life is something I am concerned about , but this one is only about an hour a half. . due to the awesome display .
In the car I plug into the cigarette lighter though , the hotel of course has jacks , airlines also have plug-ins you have the adapter. .
I ca n't of very often that I need more than that hour a half of battery life anyway , you 're smart you always keep a spare battery anyway .
So , to me at least , that is n't even an issue .
I figured some of you like to know though .
It has serial parallel printer ports , but it does have 4 USB 2.0 ports .
( I have what I just said , Nick told me to add this part )
So .
Why am I replacing this I like it so much ?
Because it 's very heavy at 10.3 pounds ( 12.2 with the adapter all that stuff ) over 2 inches thick .
Yep. . sad to say , but it 's like lugging bricks around .
This is one behemoth mo'fo , I 'm tellin ya !
So...the thing is I do recommend this machine , just for folks who travel a lot .
For compact travel though ?
way .
I we 're going to go buy a little Sony today for our trip to New York next week .
As much as I love the features on this Sharp , I just am lugging the damn thing around !
I do n't usually write in electronics , so you folks need to tell me I left anything out here .
I do plan to review whatever we decide to buy tonight also , so please do give me a heads up there is any vital info you want in addition to what I have put here .
Thanks guys !
bought this computer 12 of august '03 at the apple store in the mall of america , additional apple care ( i'll buy that before the 1 year warranty expires ) products to go with it .
i got a sweet deal on it with my higher education discount .
the machine was easy to "assemble " right out of the box , by default booted into OS X after user setup .
this was an easy task that does require a philips screwdriver , but that by following the instructions provided in the user manual , even a novice user be able to perform .
a word of caution however , when purchasing ram , apple has somewhat strict standards , it is best to purchase ram from a dealer that caters to apple hardware specifically , e.g .
crucial.com
et cetera .
a week later i purchased an airport extreme card to accomodate a new networking scheme in our house .
i was disappointed to realize that airport extreme cards are only compatible with OS X , so that any time i 'm using OS 9 , i am limited to an ethernet connection ( modem ) , using Classic mode under OS X . gaming performance is very satisfactory on this machine , but i 'm sure i 'm getting mega-high framerates that 128mb video cards get , but unreal tournament 2003 is very playable at 800x600 full details set .
the speakers are *adequate* , but i choose to have my comptuters hooked up to my home stereo system for a higher fidelity sound .
about the monitor...people who are sensitive to refresh rates but want a high resolution will be disappointed .
in OS X , the best combination of resolution is 1280x960 at 72Hz . this is plenty fine for me , but i have known people who get eye strain at looking at anything slower than 80Hz .
the refresh rate goes up to 89Hz at 1024x768 , which fine to me in OS 9 , but things look too silly large in OS X . the new mouse keyboard are nice .
one more thing , in sleep mode , the white power light next to the right speaker pulsates , be irritating to some people who are sleeping in the same room as there computer , as it does give off quite a bit of light when it pulses bright .
i find the pulsating a lot less irritating than fan noise however .
I have been a Mac user for many years .
When I started a consultancy business recently I bought an Apple Ti Powerbook .
It nearly cost me the business .
The packaging was delightful as was the design .
Lots of curious envious looks whenever it came out of its bag in meetings , presentations cafes !
Unfortunately I was forced to sell it due to on-going reliability engineering issues .
These became so bad the unit was longer reliable .
I trust it - even started to really really hate it .
The battery connection was very unreliable .
I have had many embarassing unexpected shutdowns midway through important presentations .
What made it worse was I work with predominantly Windows-based clients , having to defend this non-Windows laptop was enviable task .
The screen did close properly from day one .
The right edge floated above the bottom chassis when shut .
There was protection for the screen when shut - one day I found a wad of business cards had actually fallen in between the screen the base , this was with the lid shut !
I hated the slot drive after about the 5th use .
Imagine being able to return a disc a client had asked me to look at because it was stuck inside this expensive " toy" !
Bad news was I remove the useless drive , thus having to still carry it around despite using it .
Heat was an issue , the very loud fan was a right embarassment in the boardroom ( where there were other noticeably quieter Windows laptops around ) .
To top it all off Apple 's service was slow dogged by part shortages ( good intentions only went so far ) .
There were only so many weeks I be a computer .
I my business (certainly my sanity ) suffered because of the poor quality of this laptop .
I switched to an IBM thinkpad after this .
It was cheaper , very solidly built , quiet , came with 3 year return to base warranty ( compared with Apple 's 1 ) .
Let me just start off with a little background about me before I get into the review .
I 've been involved in PC 's for about 10 years now in various capacities , from PC tech to Network Administrator .
Now , on to the review :
Back in 99 we got a digital camcorder as a wedding Christmas present I was so excited - we edit our home movies on our computer do all sorts of neat titles such !
Well , after $ 150 for the FireWire card 2 PC 's later , I was able to get it to work well .
The software was buggy , the card manufacuturer claimed my PC 's chipsets were bad as I was able to get the finished product back to tape , etc .
Then in 2001 , I picked up a new digital camera .
Since photography has been one of my hobbies for years , it only natural to try out a good digital camera .
Along the way , it as our current PC just was n't cutting it .
with digital photos ....
I had always heard Macs were the best for photo video , but I was really drawn to them - the iMacs were ugly ( sorry ) , the towers were EXPENSIVE.
Besides , who uses a Mac anyway ?
Then in February I saw an ad for the new iMac.
I fell in love !
This was what I was looking for , a fast computer with all the bells whistles !
I just knew this had to be the computer for me .
We took a trip to the Tyson 's Corner Apple store one Sunday to check it out make sure it was for me .
Arriving there , it was an awesome experience - you play to your hearts content really experience the hardware .
Definitely worth the trip .
Unfortunately , I had to wait about a month for the money to come in before I even about the iMac again .
So , at 5pm I left on a 2 hour journey ...Got there around 7:30 was out the door with my ner toy by 8pm , home by 10:30.... I the salesperson was in shock when he learned I was from 2 hours away to pick up the computer .
Out of Box Experience - Apple has , hands down the best .
Opening up the box , you saw a cardboard poster with unpacking instructions .
Everything was precisely placed laid out very well .
Initial Setup - Again , flick the power switch in 10 minutes you were off running .
Just answer a few simple questions you are all setup .
Performance - Performance is great .
OSX really needs more memory than the standard 256MB ( so does WinXP) , expecially since I love to multitask - I 'm one of those people that have 10 things running at a time !
Display - THE BEST !
I have a work issue IBM laptop the iMac is the best .
Big ( as big as a 17 " monitor ) , bright , beautiful .
What more I say - everything looks gorgeous , from my Pictures to text !
Stability - I 'm a stickler for stability .
I 've managed to coax more than 10 days of uptime out of any of my Windows boxes ( my Win2k server ) that are in daily use .
With the Mac OSX I regularly get 20+ days of uptime before I need to reboot .
It just runs runs runs .
"reboot to fix this " any stuff like that - it just chugs away .
Software - What I say - this thing is truly the digital hub .
I 've made more movies DVD 's with it in the past 4 months than I have with my PC 's in 10 years .
It 's so easy just works .
Recently , my wife I completed a DVD VHS tape for her brother 's wedding the results are better than the PROFESSIONAL we hired to do ours !
Compatibility- All my files hardware work with it .
I made the transition to all USB devices ( printer , scanner , memory card reader , etc. ) a while ago they are all Plug-and-Play with the Mac !
Complaints
These are small :
Being a Windows guy , learning OSX has taken some time .
In the first couple days I wanted to return the machine , I was so frustrated with it .
But after "forgetting " my Windows stuff Mac OS was/is so intuitive .
*/SYM Scanning in OSX is a disaster .
For some reason , few scanner manufacturers OSX . Epson ( whose scanner I love ) has beta software that works well , but it be a lot better .
Again , I use Epson .
Their drivers are OK , but some of the features of the " Classic " versions ( even the Windows versions .
I hear the new version of OSX will fix this .
*/SYM Networking with Windows .
You connect to file shares on a Windows network , but use printers share files from your Mac on the Windows network ( installing AppleTalk on the PC ) .
When you do connect , the Mac has a nasty habit of leaving weird files on the server ( .DsStore a couple others ) I hear the new version of OSX will fix that as well .
All in all , it 's the best computer that I 've ever used .
I purchased am quite satisfied with the IBM ThinkPad G40 PC .
My comments relate to the whole family of G40 ThinkPads .
Prior to purchasing the G40 , I was also interested in , tried out , several Sony Vaio Dell notebooks .
In contrast , the G40 be booted with 98SE , 2000 , both versions of XP.
Despite what many people claim , PCs are a commodity , in that the of the keyboard the resolution of the screen differ from company to company model to model .
I was attracted to Dell because it offered customization over the Internet .
I select what I want ( more memory , better screen ) dump what I did want ( overpriced high-end Intel chips , Humvee-sized hard disks ) .
But you want to actually touch a Dell , in most of the world , forget it .
I called Dell from a Chicago location asked where I see a demo model , was told that the nearest location was Florida .
Since the operator was in an Indian call center , he mentioned the Floridia location as it were the next street down from me , because he had of North American geography .
I began to wonder what happen I had a technical question had to talk to someone in India .
I finally managed to play with several Inspirons in Tokyo , but was disappointed by their cheap , creaky plastic parts the keyboard with substandard key spacing key travel .
Too bad , otherwise the Inspiron 8600 is a nice machine , but I type lots of reports articles , I need a machine with a superb keyboard .
I do n't have space to add a separate keyboard on my desk .
Here is where the G40 shines .
I use my PC mainly for reports , comments , spreadsheets ,etc.
I do n't use it for games ( that 's what a PlayStation-Game Cube-Xbox are for ) I do n't use it to read email while I travel ( that 's what a PDA is for ) .
The G40 accepts a PS/2 plug for keyboards , although the built-in keyboard is excellent by itself .
The PS/2 jack is being phased out of notebooks , like the serial port , but there are n't that many USB keyboards available who wants to use up all their USB ports with basic equipment ?
Besides the keyboard , I was attracted to IBM 's responsible service .
Sometimes , the repairs were free .
Other times , they were as expensive as elsewhere .
one ignores the keyboard the service , the G40 is a plain vanilla PC .
It is only 2.4GHz , it only ships with 256MB memory (upgrades to 1GB) , this model has a 40GB hard disk but that only spins at 4200 rpm of the newer 7200 rpm , the memory cache is on the processor separate , etc .
Since memory drives are commodities available cheaply , one wonders why IBM does n't splurge a bit include the latest stuff , but IBM was the low-cost leader .
Other PCs have only 2 , trust me , they will be full from the first week of use .
It also comes with CD RW/DVD , 1 PC card slot , parallel , monitor ports , built-in floppy drive , built-in T100 ethernet , audio jacks a modem .
I did want a built-in wireless card , they typically are incompatible with third-party transmitters .
I have been looking to replace our aging laptop for a while .
I bought the zd7040 which is the version available at Best Buy .
Most other computer stores have the zd7020 , the only difference is that the 7040 has a 60Gig hard drive the 7020 has an 80Gig .
Best Buy had a great 18 month interest deal the extended warranty was better .
The screen has to be seen to be .
It is 17" diagonally with a widescreen ratio .
This substitute for your main TV in a pinch .
The contrast is very good the images are very sharp .
Different models have faster/slower versions .
I there is even one with the new hyper threading processor for bigger $ $ .
This model has the GeForce to go FX 5600 chip with 64Megs of RAM.
I ran 3DMark2001 benchmarks got over 10000 !
This thing really is a nice desktop crammed into a "portable " package .
Don't mislead yourself into thinking you will be working away on a long flight .
This thing won't even fit on an average tray table , it is that big .
It weighs about 10 pounds with the AC adapter .
The battery life is also that great .
I worked in our living room for a while got about 45 minutes when the battery read 50 % , so I am guessing about 1 쩍 hours with "normal" use .
Hey , at least you play some 3D games .
This graphics chip supports Direct X9 .
How many laptops say that !
There are ports-a-plenty : ( 4 ) USB 2.0, one firewire , one S-video out , one VGA , one parallel , headphones , mic , 10/100 Ethernet , modem , IR , 5 different digital media reader ( compact flash , SD , memory stick , etc. ) , ( 2 ) Type I PCMCIA slot ( 1 ) Type II slot .
This actually has more ports than my desktop !
The keyboard is full sized there is a numeric pad on the right ( the Toshiba model that also uses this screen does n't have the numeric pad does n't look nearly as cool ) .
The touchpad is pretty good the software lets you do some neat stuff .
One weird thing is that HP has the tap-click feature ( that everyone else uses ) disabled by default , but you change it in the settings .
This model has a DVD +R/RW drive but I have n't tried it out yet .
It reads CD just fine plays DVD's great .
The sound is by Harmon Kardon is OK .
I have Harmon Kardon in my car I am overly impressed .
I Bose do a better job .
It still sounds way better than most tinny laptop speakers .
For the amount of room they had to work with though , I they have done even better .
One thing that is bothersome is the amount of power it consumes .
I can't find an auto adapter to power it .
It looks like it draws about 120 watts but the new Targus 120 watt auto adapter does n't say it supports it .
Maybe in a few months the situation will improve .
Overall I am very happy but this is the Hummer of laptops .
For what it was built to do it does very well .
Just do n't it will be something it is n't ( like light ) .
Bradman
The Benefits :
For some reason , many people are recommending the iMAC DV+ ; however , they did have my experience .
I admit it has improved : it now comes with a nicer keyboard , optical mouse a 20 gig hard drive .
I also admit that it is super easy to setup .
The Bad News
Unfortunately , this computer burns up .
It runs extremely hot .
I handled the purchase of one for my college newspaper it burned up within two weeks of its arrival .
Then I felt the top of the computer .
It was so hot it hurt to touch it !
I have taken action then but I shut it off let it cool down .
The room was hot I smell something .
I felt the heat on my face when I got close .
When I tried to get the computer working by moving the mouse , the on light kept getting bright fading , getting bright fading ; however , the screen lit up .
The computer did boot has n't since .
It is shot .
The Conditions
Also , it is important to note our G3s G4s 2-year old iMACs are fine .
This that our conditions have nothing to do with it .
The Good News
Fortunately , it was still under warranty .
My Recommendation
I strongly recommend that you do purchase this computer .
However , you already have one insist on an Apple , I recommend that you minimize your use of it .
He remembers the Apples that had the monitor computer combined , like the iMAC , which many people owned 10 years ago .
He suspects that they have a similar setup .
He used to install a fan inside the old computers thinks something like that will work now .
you really want one , it be best to have a repairman install a fan like that .
The Bottom Line
I 've been a " Mac girl" ever since the introduction of the Classic I say that this is one of the best computers I 've ever owned .
Many of the other Apple computers components I 've owned have been plagued with problems , yet after 6 months this one has been virtually problem-free .
Although I had just purchased a Snow iMac in late 2000 , once I saw the ad for the Flat Panel iMac I knew this was the computer for me .
The original iMac iMovie for OS 9 had got me hooked on editing home movies I was drooling over the built in DVD-R in the new model .... I had to have it .
Once I ordered the system it took months to come in because they were n't shipping , but I those problems are gone now .
When the computer arrived , the flat panel screen was cocked the fix was too difficult to complete alone as it required opening the flat panel screen .
Apple tech was very understanding of the problem quickly set up a case for me it was fixed at a local shop within a week .
I was a little nervous about switching operating systems since everything I used was on OS 9 , but the learning curve is n't steep.
OS X is very sleek much more user friendly stable than OS 9 , for the few programs that you ca n't get on OS X , it even runs OS 9 in the background you want !
OS X comes with all the tools you need ( the video camera ) for making professional looking DVD 's of whatever you want .
At $ 22 a piece it has almost paid for itself !
Unlike Apple 's previous attempts at stylish computers , they did sacrifice function for fashion in this model .
only is it ingeniously " cute , " it also runs extremely cool ( burning hot CD 's coming out of THIS drive ) .
It is the quietest computer I 've ever owned as well .
The flat panel is beautiful although I 've seen others complain of dead pixels , I do n't have any yet .
( I also this is just the "nature of the beast " with flat panel monitors ) The screen pivoting feature is wonderful in a room where I am constantly showing my work to people around me .
It will run even the most graphic intensive game multi-task like a champ .
I 'm disappointed that they are now coming out with a 17 " model , as I have waited for this had I known .
I know I know , you know with computers whatever you buy is typically outdated within 6 months anyways , but with this machine I went by past experience with iMacs always being 15 inches .
The only complaint I have is really just with Apple 's policies .
I just got this machine in February they 've already come out with a new operating system that I 'm required to pay *full price* for in order to upgrade .
I am also a little " torqued " that they are charging for iTools .
because I it 's worth it ( well , worth $ 100 a year ?
I dunno... ) but because they had always "promised " that at the very least the email continue to be free .
At this point , they are n't even offering different levels of iTools ( like mail only $ 20/year , mail +website $ 40/year , etc ) you just have to pay $ 100 get it .
But for years the free iTools has been one of their strongest selling points they advertise it on every machine .
My father works in the Marketing Advertising business , bought one of these monsters .
He uses it during the day , I use it during the night .
After a year of working with this thing , I have come to a .
First of all , my dad bought this thing EXACTLY 4 days before the dual processor macs come onto the market at the same price .
I called up Apple demanded they take it back give us the higher end model .
They politely said they do a thing about it hung up .
Poor poor customer service .
Had Apple given a damn about the small market of consumers they have , I 've been transferred to someone with authority , a solution have been reached .
The system we had was obselete the moment we got it up running .
Apple has this problem with making good computer components I find .
LaCie , Adaptec , Iomega were just a few of the brand names we tried ) with the computer .
The CD-ROM is very buggy as CDs randomly unmount , you ca n't eject them unless you restart your computer ( a very frequent problem on our end ) .
All that bull about this being a supercomputer ...forget it .
I ran a test between a G3 400 the G4 500 in photoshop , the G4 was only about 5 % faster .
This is because programs be designed specifically to run faster on the G4 system before you get any noticeable speed improvements .
Of course the computer is bundled with OS 9 , the most bug filled of all the Mac OS versions ( even with 9.0.4) .
Even you 're a graphic designer ( a hardcore gamer ) , avoid G4s alltogether .
A G3 400 satisfy just about anyone who have an Apple .
I have worked with Apples since the Macintosh Plus (around 1986 ) , but I have to put my foot down here .
Apple is longer the wonderful system that does exactly what it 's told .
Combined with the substandard hardware ( with nifty cases ) an obselete OS , it runs like Windows 95 , but the multi-tasking protected memory .
Oh , one more thing .
you want tech , Apple has a unique way of helping you - a way unlike a Dilbert comic I once read : The more problems your computer has , the more you have to pay them .
Apple uses a "pay per incident " program , meaning their product F***s up , you get to pay them MORE money so they tell you to go have it fixed .
Thanks Apple .
The new Apple 12-inch Powerbook ( PB) notebook computer is a sleek with some special features for a compact computer , but it overheats with extended use .
Specifically , when using the computer for over one hour , especially when multitasking with programs , ( i .e .
The excessive heat is only distracting unpleasant , it is unhealthy as heat inflames the tendon sheath associated with carpal tunnels syndrome ( CTS ) .
This is a new compact model , others have reported this over-heating design flaw ; there are over 200 related postings on Apple 's own website 's discussion forum : ( http ://discussions .info.apple .com
This problem has also been discussed in other non-Apple affiliated sources .
Apple 's warranty for the computer is one year .
In my experience with the 12-inch PB , I spent excessive time on the phone with Apple regarding the overheating .
Apple claims that it is performing within specifications will replace , refund , allow me to trade in the computer for a different model .
On March 26th , Apple released an article concerning the excessive heat : " PowerBook G4 ( 12-inch ) : Feels Warm to the Touch - Article ID:86307" .
In this Apple document , advice is provided to minimize the heat problem by making adjustments to the Power Manager Preference .
Apple Technical has also recommended that I purchase a heat transfer device that goes under the PB to elevate it , to put rubber pads where my hands rest as a barrier from the heat .
This is all commendable advice , but it has resolved the over-heating problem .
More importantly , one pay top dollar for a computer advertised as the top model of its size , only to have to compromise certain features , how many programs operating , speed , etc .
One purchases such a high-end model computer precisely because for high-performance to handle more complicated tasks .
you are considering switching to Apple because it advertises itself as an out-of-the-box , user-friendly , problem-free alternative to PCs , I consider this computer .
Certain flaws , such as overheating , will be until you find yourself at home with the computer .
Also , I do recommend buying the first line of a new model computer , but wait until it has been out a while so the problems be worked out .
The Beginning ...
Apple snagged me as a prospective customer in January of 2001 after a series of problems with my Gateway desktop .
I was in the market for a laptop for school decided to try the local Apple reseller in town .
The technicians were knowledgeable friendly the the price was right .
However , I found that I customize my own iBook through www.apple .com ,
shipping was free .
The chance to avoid the pressure of salesmen was attractive so I quickly placed my order .
A week later I received my new Keylime iBook promptly fell in love it .
A year later ...
That was until I found out that Apple had released photos of it 's upcoming Flat Panel iMac.
I once again placed a customized order through www.apple .com
for the top of the line model : 800 MHZ G4 Superdrive with DVD/CD RW capabilities , 60 GB of memory , I bumped the RAM from 256 to 512 MB.
Some argue that the DVD-RW be necessary , but I wanted to keep my options open just in case I purchase a digital camcorder in the future .
Ground shipping , as always , was free .
All together my purchase came close to $ 1900 .
You also choose from a 700 mhz model that had a CD-RW/DVD-ROM drive ( as opposed to the DVD-RW drive with the 800 mhz ) , an even cheaper 700 mhz model that had just a CD-RW drive .
They were around $ 1600 $ 1400 respectively .
Worth it in my opinion . )
I was able to finance the computer through MBNA , which provides an easy loan application through the Apple website .
I placed the order in the middle of January with the promise of it being delivered in 3-5 weeks .
I settled in for the long wait .
The Verdict ...
Five weeks to the day later , I received an e-mail from Apple stating that it be delayed an additional 7 days .
At this point , I was so used to waiting that the message did n't phase me .
However , I was surprised when I received an e-mail two days later saying it had been shipped .
Five days later it was on my doorstep.
First off , Apple knows how to deliver .
It was in a perfectly square box that had a picture of the iMac on one side , an Apple logo on the other .
I cut through the top of the box was greeted by a heavy-weight poster of the new iMac in various positions .
Do I dare say it looked like it was dancing ?
I removed the poster styrofoam that contained the keyboard , the styrofoam that surrounded the computer .
Set-up was a snap .
I connected one end of the plug into the computer the other into the wall .
Then , I connected the keyboard speakers .
Finally , I connected the mouse .
I was frustrated at the amount of USB slots that were taken up until I realized that the mouse is meant to be plugged into the keyboard ( which contains two USB slots at the top ) .
Whoops .
Apple supplied their customers with a total of five USB slots on this beauty , along with two firewire slots .
More than enough .
I fired up my new beauty by pushing the "power button " located on the left side of the base was greeted by OS X .
It looked absolutely amazing on the 15 inch LCD monitor .
OS X was automatically programmed to get me setup as a new user onto the internet in the fastest way .
I already had a user account through Earthlink I had problems setting it up , but Apple also gave the option to set up a new account .
Ten minutes later I was surfing the internet with my new iMac.
additional access to community features online .
I was able to immediately access my "mac mail " through the mail program in OS X ( when connected to the internet ) but I also wanted to access my Earthlink mail account .
Setting up the mail program to retrieve my Earthlink mail was a piece of cake !
I now retrieve both mail accounts from my Apple .
After a bit I decided to install a game .
Once again , installation was flawless the game ( The Sims , a memory hog ) ran great .
I tried iTunes out right away was impressed the the simplicity of the program .
The music that was preloaded into the program sounded wonderful through the Apple Pro Speakers that came with the system .
I 'm looking forward to starting a new MP3 collection .
I 'm also looking forward to using iMovie iDVD in conjunction with a digital camcorder , when I get around to purchasing one .
I need to win the lottery first .
I 've also gotten a lot of use out of iPhoto , Apple 's digital photo editing software .
I own an Olympus digital camera I love to download my photos to edit them .
However , I 've always had such a tough time keeping track of the photos once they were saved to my computer .
iPhoto eliminatated this problem .
The program saves each set of pictures you download as a "roll " of film to be accessed later .
The pictures be left in the "rolls " I reorganize them as I wish .
I also organize the photos into slide shows with one click of a button .
Apple has a reputation for being different making software that is easy for the average consumer to use .
They easily live up to their name with this computer .
only is the G4 Superdrive ultra fast (arguably faster than my Gateway Athlon ) , it 's quieter than a mouse .
The screen , of course , is a genius .
I pull it closer when I want to read a website .
I push it back when I want to play a game .
All it takes is a little push with one finger it hovers to where I want it to go .
I also push it up down my neck is getting strained .
, the software is a snap to use .
I have n't had any freeze-ups hardware problem yet .
Technical Specifications
Processor memory
700- 800-MHz PowerPC G4 processor with Velocity Engine
256K on-chip level 2 cache at full processor speed
128MB 256MB of SDRAM expandable to 1GB ; one factory installed 168-pin DIMM one open user-accessible SO-DIMM slot
Storage
40GB 60GB Ultra ATA hard disk drive ( 1 )
, CD-RW drive ( writes CD-R discs at 24x speed , writes CD-RW discs at 10x speed , reads CDs at 32x speed )
, DVD-ROM/CD-RW Combo drive ( reads DVDs at 8x speed , writes CD-R discs at 12x speed , writes CD-RW discs at 8x speed , reads CDs at 32x speed )
, SuperDrive ( combination DVD-R/CD-RW drive ; writes DVD-R discs at 2x speed , reads DVDs at 6x speed , writes CD-R discs at 8x speed , writes CD-RW discs at 4x speed , reads CDs at 24x speed , )
for external FireWire USB storage devices
Display
Built-in 15-inch (viewable ) TFT active-matrix liquid crystal display
Typical viewing angle : 120 degrees horizontal ; 90 degrees vertical
Typical brightness : 200 candela per meter squared
Typical contrast ratio : 300:1
Graphics
32MB of dedicated Double Data Rate ( DDR) video memory
Three flicker-free screen resolutions : 640 by 480 pixels , 800 by 600 pixels , 1024 by 768 pixels ( optimum resolution )
24-bit true color at all resolutions for displaying millions of colors
Built-in 56K V.90 fax modem ( RJ-11 connector )( 4 )
Built-in 10/100BASE-T Ethernet ( RJ-45 connector )
Audio
Built-in speaker
Apple Pro Speakers ( 9 watts each ) ( 3 )
Internal 18-watt digital amplifier
Apple speaker minijack for connection to Apple Pro Speakers
Headphone jack
Built-in microphone for speech recognition audio recording
for external USB audio devices
Video
Mini-VGA output port ( requires VGA display adapter )
for video mirroring : external devices display an image identical to that shown on the built-in display
Output resolutions : 640 by 480 pixels at 60 Hz , 800 by 600 pixels at 75Hz , 1024 by 768 pixels at 75Hz
Keyboard mouse
Apple Pro Keyboard with 15 function keys , 4 arrow keys ( inverted "T" arrangement ) , audio controls , media-eject key ; two built-in USB 1.1 ports ; two-position tilt
Apple Pro Mouse with optical sensor for precise cursor control
Peripheral connections
Two 400-Mbps FireWire ( IEEE 1394 ) ports ( 6 ) ; 8 watts shared
Three USB 1.1 ports ( shared on two 12-Mbps controllers ) ; two USB 1.1 ports on keyboard
for FireWire target disk mode for high-speed transfer of files between two computers
Electrical requirements agency approvals
Frequency : 47 to 63 Hz , single phase
Meets ENERGY STAR requirements
Environmental requirements
Storage temperature : -40째 to 185째 F (-40째 to 85째 C )
Relative humidity : 5 % to 95 % noncondensing
Size weight
Width : 15.1 inches ( 38.3 cm ) minimum ; 16.3 inches ( 41.5 cm ) maximum
Weight : 21.3 pounds ( 9.7 kg ) ( 7 )
I also highly recommend checking out www.apple .com .
They have a lot of information concerning their newest iMac , including a Gallery that allows you to take a closer look
I bought my eMac because I needed a new PC for school/work/play .
My current clamshell iBook ; G3 , 333 mhZ , 6 GB , 12" , simply was cussing it anymore in the productivity department .
I did look around at Dell 's , Gateway 's HP 's only to find that once I added a 17 " monitor , an ethernet card , a gig of RAM , an operating system , MS Office , the prices between the major PC makers Apple are really out of whack .
Although Apple demands a premium price for their products , you get all the bells whistles at the time of purchase , thus saving you time energy trying to incorporate all the add-ons .
In the end , the eMac with all the stuff I need , including Office , was a better deal than a Dell laptop HP desktop with comparable systems .
Apple has certainly created a great product in the eMac.
Affordable ; up to a 15 % discount for students
Easy to use ; was on-line with my cable modem in 5 minutes ,
Fast ; as fast as my 2.3 GHz HP at work .
The cd burner works perfectly the dvd player is a nice option .
The 17 " ( 16 " viewable ) is also very nice to have as well .
As with everything out there , technology is always changing everything will be as great as it .
This improvement was immediate worth the 75 bucks .
Included with the eMac is a nice suite of software :
MacOS X based on UNIX ; stable powerful
MacOS 9 for older applications
Appleworks 6.2 - comparable to MS Office
Safari 1.0 - Apple 's new browser based on KHTML
Quicken 2003 - a $ 60 dollar value one great application
WorldBook 2003
iTunes - for all your music needs , interfaces with iTunes Muic Store
iCal - similar to Outlook Calendar features
Limitations :
The fan be a bit noisy ( I used to use only an iBook = fan ; noise ) so I am still getting used to the fan
128 MB of factory RAM - recommend upgrade to 512 MB
But memory is cheap very easy to install ; just flip the emac upside down undo the hatch .
expansion slots
When you take the time to build a comparable PC finally get to compare features price , you will see that the eMac is a great buy dollar for dollar .
I bought the ZD7000 as a desktop replacement for work home use .
The screen is enormous the notebook worked well for the first 2 weeks .
I am writing this review on my 7 yr old Dell , however , because the new HP only displays the following message : " Operating System Found " .
Just a minor glitch - I 'll call for 24-7 tech .
I called right away ( on a Saturday ) HP gave me these options : 1 ) Call back Monday for tech support( Big Surprise ) 2 ) Join a research group for hard drives ( I felt like a cancer patient hoping to get into a clinical trial . )
3 ) Troubleshoot then there over the phone - with the understanding that this option void the previous options .
I bought the extra warranty for accident coverage , to be the final step in HP 's Quality Control Dept .
I will be returning this machine for a full refund .
What a disappointment .
I just barely received my new PowerMac G5 .
It 's the 1.6 ghz model with a little more than standard RAM hard drive space .
It 's awesome ...
The blazing speed of this computer is amazing .
I am on a budget for school , so I did get the 1.8 the 2.0 ghz models .
only I run everything anything at once , but I do it with such incredible stability that it make any window 's user cry .
I literally go down to the dock ( containing 30+ items ) , click on every program there , they will all start up fine any crashing at all .
Find a PC that do that .
The new OS that is bundeled with it is awesome too !
Panther is so cool !
I have Expos챔 on its is sooo handy !
You go from window to window so easily , seamlessly , flawlessly , quickly , any clutter confusion of any kind !
Its so fast too !
You have windows on the desktop viewable , but hit the option key ( in my case anyway ) , bang !
All the windows that you have open , are right there at your finger tips .
More about the hardware : The graphics on this computer are great .
Playing Quake 3 , Unreal 2024 , All the high end , graphically demanding games glide on this computer .
I get more frames per second in both games than I ever need !
In Quake 2 , running at 1600x1200 , with 32-bit color , maximum texturing etc .
I was still pulling off 320 frames per second .
Thats just amazing .
I have the second rate video card in there .
I only imagine what the faster machines get .
iTunes4 , iMovie , iPhoto , iChat etc .
They are all so useful .
iTunes let you LEGALLY download music .
The iTunes music store is a way for both the record companies , the users to satisfied .
They are great deals .
The Powermac G5 is a great computer for anyone .
It is more than capable for any task thrown at it , it has power to spare .
Although I do personaly own one of these monsters , I work with one every day .
You see I am a non-linear video editor , we have a new G4 Professional paper weight here in our art department .
Sure it is nice in theory 520 MB of ram expandable to 1.5 GB , Built in DVD burner , built in Zip Drive , Airport , USB , Pretty Blue Clear Case .
But that is where the fun ends Im afraid .
The art director is disgusted with it .
Always Crashing , Locking up , Finder dissapearing , DVD Drive dos n't burn right .
This was exactly retooled .
Oh yes apple keep cutting thoses corners , your accountants are doing an excellent job .
Make sure that their year end bonuses are big .
!
But it to be faster at crashing as well .
My overall opinion is that this machine has great , however it is almost unusable out of the box .
I really love it .
I went to the local Apple store to get my G5 .
I got the Dual 2gHz Model with 512 Meg memory , 160 G hard drive , DVD RW/R/CD-R/RW Radeon 9600 .
OS : OSX 10.3 ( Panther )
I brought it home , made my connections to the appropriate periphials , turned it on .
The welcome screen came up within a matter of SECONDS.
This was the first clue that this really IS a fast machine .
I registered then logged in .
After I loaded all of my software ( which took me about 2 hours ) I started playing around with it .
The Plusses :
It 's FAST.
This machine handles processes SO efficiently it shows because moving from one command to the next it really does zip .
Also , when rebooting , it reboots within 15 seconds - that does n't tell you something I do n't know will ! !
It 's FAST.
Burining DVDs CDs are LIGHTENING fast !
Seriously , within 3 4 minutes in most cases .
It 's incredible .
It 's EXPANDABLE.
It 's true that the G5 is n't as expandable as one for a machine of this caliber price .
But I really do n't find it necessary .
You have 2 hard drives , up to 8 GB of memory , it has 4 additional PCI slots on the back for additional expansion cards , it have only one CD ROM/DVD ROM slot but why do you need more than one anyway ?
It has 4 USB ports 3 firewire ports including the 800 Firewire .
Optical Digital input output .
I say it has everything you need .
It 's Beautiful : It is as sexy as a machine get .
Keeps its word : It does everything they say it will do more does it fast .
THE CONS :
Virtual PC : I only ever used Virtual PC to use Microsoft Access which is unavailable for the MAC.
You use Virtual PC on a G5 due to some technical stuff - the G5 does n't posess something that G4 's had which VPC ran on .
CRASHING : The first 3 days I had my G5 it crashed A LOT.
At least 5 6 times a day .
I that it was because of software compatability issues but still it was annoying disconcerting after spending $ 3000 on it I had this problem on my Powerbook G4 .
Only certain programs crash that to have been rectified by adding more memory .
So now , it works great !
It 's EXPENSIVE : I do n't mind paying a lot for something that is worth it this machine is worth it but it was still A LOT even with my student discount .
Guess that 's all I have to say .
It 's a great machine
Let me start off this review by first stating that the iMacDV I own is the 1999 model .
It was sooo cute !
It was also incredibly easy to set up , I was on my way after plugging in only a couple of cords .
However , after having the mac for a short while I began to notice its downfalls .
1 ) you say space ?
I was a film major in college , I loved the of being able to edit my school projects on my computer .
Until I realized only about 10 minutes of footage fit on my hard drive before the computer freeze .
I had of the compatibility issues that existed when I bought my computer .
Final Cut Pro wont even run on it for of space .
2 ) My modem "went bad "
I have now owned my mac for two years , one day when trying to sign on to AOL , it decided I longer had a modem .
Two days letter I got the following message on my answering machine : " Turns out your modem has gone bad .
you want us to replace the faulty modem , the modem cost is $ 120 the price for labor is $ 75" OUTRAGEOUS !
I have decided to get my computer fixed , to save up until I have the ability to buy a G4 .
UPDATE Turns out it was my modem that was the problem , I have a faulty logic board .
ARGH.
3)fast processor ?
A pox on whomever believes the hype about how much faster Mac processers are than PCs .
4)DV Drive Problems
I do n't know how many of you have taken a gander at the Mac home page , but at the bottom in very small print is the notice for a civil suit against Mac , requiring them to give upgrades to all of their G3s iMacs built prior to 2000 .
( 10 days after I saw the notice )
5)User friendly ?
I do n't know its because I 've played with PCs all my life , but the iMac was anything but user friendly when it came to anything other than standard operations .
I 've had difficulty with so many different applications , its to list them all .
the iMac does n't come with a booklet .
you are having problems with an application , you have to use a less-than-reliable computer searching HELP device .
It also does n't help that they have online when your computer 's modem has "gone bad "
It pains me to rate my iMac so low because I have been a Mac booster for many years , after converting from a PC .
I will say up front that I am a computer nerd need something simple that I operate reading a lot of books going to school .
I then bought a new little Mac 160 notebook was immediately able to operate it .
The next computer was another Mac notebook , a 5300 CS , which was one of Apples finest products , but nonetheless it was fairly efficient easy to operate .
It finally lost the top half of its color LCD ran out of memory I was again forced to buy a new computer .
I now own iMac serial number 0T213E6FMAY .
Here are just a few of my complaints :
1 .
The iMac functions pretty much like a PC is longer as intuitive as the earlier Apple products they built their ease of operation reputation on .
2. At times the screen locks up , the " OFF" button wo n't work , the only way to shut it down is to unplug it from the wall .
3. The " OFF" button is located near the left-back of the body in a hard-to-reach place , accessible only with the left hand , the right , a very poorly out location .
4 . There is " ON-OFF" switch on the keyboard .
5 . The so-called "SLEEP" function does n't always work like it , certainly like the earlier notebooks .
6 . Sometimes when the shut-down command is given it only goes into the sleep mode , ca n't be shut down by the " OFF" button , has to be unplugged from the wall for a forced shut-down .
Even after such a shutdown hard drive assessment the system sometimes does n't work right .
7. Apple has loaded so much unnecessary "bloatware " bells whistles into their OX10 9.2.2 operating systems there is way an ordinary user operate it easily .
Even my paid Apple authorized technicians have had difficulties working out the wrinkles .
I know what to next .
8. The optical mouse clicker was too sensitive , even at full adjustment for firmer spring resistance .
I replaced it with a Logitech optical mouse .
It does n't matter to me the problems stem from Apple software hardware ; the trouble remains is still real .
Software unready for the market is just as bad as a defective motherboard design .
A top notch professional computer technician recently told me that Mr. Steve Jobes ' tech meddling is responsible for the newest G4 Macs longer operating with the traditional intuitive ease of the earlier Macs , to say nothing of the continual technical glitches .
I have heard similar complaints from other iMac owners .
I am one of them .
Hello fellow mac addicts ,
I 'm mainly writing this review for those who just be curious about the new 1ghz emac deciding it be for you . . .
After a lot of a brain-racking over a new machine , the new 1ghz emac with the superdrive to me the best decision in the long run .
The superdrive offers great dvd burnability the machine is an excellent value .
I even haggled with the apple phone sales person ( Lisendro ) was able to get a $ 100 credit in addition to my higher education price a free canon printer .
Let me first start off by saying that apple phone sales rock .
" Lisendro " was extremely helpful courteous the discount just made my day .
Anyway , I ordered my emac printer last thursday was impressed at apple 's free shipping deal ( fedex ground ) getting the package to my place by monday ! ! That 's an impressive turnaround considering there was charge .
I knew the machine only come with 256mb of sdram ( ddr like the imac ) so my next visit was to crucial.com to order some ram .
I snatched up a 512mb chip for 75 bucks ( with coupon code ) free 2-day air shipping , also .
The ram arrived at my house the same day as the computer printer . . .
nice .
Out of the box , the emac looked fantastic . . .
mmmm , that refreshing "new mac smell . "
Everything was packed very nicely well organized , crammed into one compartment .
Included with the machine is a redesigned keyboard , non-adjustable (unlike like the pro ) apple has moved the usb ports from the corners to the middle near where the usb cable connects to the machine .
One cool/geek design feature of the new keyboard is the lip of plastic surrounding the keyboard .
you knock a glass of soda into your keyboard during your next drunken stuper , only will the liquid be contained in the keyboard so as to bleed over your desk precious electronics but since the keys are suspended upwards , the circuitry will be affected by the spill .
Hard to describe actually seeing but me this is a good thing .
Other stuff that came with the machine : modem cable , blank dvd-r , blank cd-r , user manual warranty info , back up restore discs a copy of the current 2003 WorldBook Encyclopedia Media Cd .
rebate forms for the printer included . . .
I found out later you need to visit apple 's website to get them .
After connecting all the cables , I powered up the emac was pleasantly surprised at the very fast startup time .
The 1ghz processor really flies .
I 'd with the stock ram it only took about 15-20 seconds to startup .
On screen , you are first greeted with some sweet music to help get you through the apple registration process , where you will set up your internet connection .
I was offered 12 free issues of MacWorld magazine I completed apple 's registration . . .
why the heck ? ? free = smile
Just turn off the machine , flip it on it 's front , unsrew one screw holding the little door on the bottom your set .
One comment about the screw . . .
I 've read a lot about this screw giving people trouble , even stripping so bad they had to farking drill the thing off to remove the door .
I apple has heard the cries because the new screw is very heavy duty it 's philips-head , flat-head .
You already tell she liked the extra memory . . .
I almost hear her saying " thanks brian . "
I next decided to check out the speakers .
too bad but planning on grabing the iSub ( $ 50 ) for a little extra low-end .
Included speakers are good for everyday tasks , but for music there is contention .
Also , some people have commented on the speakers producing feedback to the moniter at high volumes .
This has happened to me .
I have turned them up to full volume have witnessed any screen changes .
There is a small issue that does arise when turning up the speakers .
The plastic surounding the speakers likes to vibrate just a little bit . . .
Oh , I 've read a lot about the fan on the back of the machine being too loud .
I wo n't lie to you , it 's as quiet as an imac , but it 's that bad .
I 'd compare it to a box fan turned on in the corner of your apartment on the lowest setting .
You are aware that it 's there but you sort of drown it out after a while .
This has been fixed because I 've tried the monitor on its highest allowable setting ( 1280x 960 at 72Hz ) have experienced problems .
I kicked it down to the next highest , which is still very crisp it 's kept me satisfied .
you plan to compare the crt monitor to the imac 's LCD , do n't do it .
There is question the LCD of the imac is much crisper brighter . . .
but CRT 's are reliable much cheaper .
After installing a few software titles like Office X , Photoshop , Studio MX , the printer was next .
Unfortunetly , the driver disc included with the printer are for the OS 9 install , so you are running OS X you 'll have to chuck the cd visit Canon 's website for the updated OS X drivers .
Tried it out by printing a few black white documents one 4 x 6 photo of my cat ( Leo ) both came out fast good quality .
The printer even does borderless pics . . .
Leo approved of his pic .
Other first impressions of the machine are positive .
Apple ditched the removable speaker grills , now permanently fixed ; a good thing .
I bet they 're fun to play with for a mischievous kitty .
OS X is a great program .
For linux-junkies , the "terminal " is a great place to hang out .
iTunes is great for music syncing with your ipod .
For surfing , do n't like you need to stick with microsoft 's bloated internet browser , IE ; Safari Mozilla are great alternatives are very stable ( tabbed browsing is the way to go ) .
In the end , I 'm very happy with the emac recommend it to anyone looking for a G4 , sweet as heck machine , for right around $ 1000
.......... So , I 've owned my emac for nearly 5 months now it still manages to put a smile on my face .
Since my initial purchase , I 've done more software installation ; mainly design titles such as Acrobat , InDesign , Illustrator .
Just an FYI , anyone looking for a decent ftp client , techtv.com
I 've tried it it 's a great program .
I 've also made 2 hardware upgrades .
I ditched the single-button piece of sh** ( sorry apple , it 's true ) indulged in the Logitech MX500 ( $ 50 bucks most retail stores however check ebay to get up to 20 bucks knocked off the retail price ) .
a fan of wireless the MX700 have been my first choice ( fantastic for all you wireless junkies ) .
The MX500 is very nice . . .
great very smooth with ample programmable buttons .
Only other hardware indulgence was the emac tilt n' swivel by apple .
this thing is great ! ! Check out ebay to score one for about 35 bucks , normally $ 69 retail , let me tell you it makes a HUGE difference with comfort level .
Before I installed the stand , my emac sat about 2-3 inches lower on my desk was permanetly positioned in a very uncomfortable upwards tilt , producing an incredible amount of glare from the artificial light in my apartment .
After installing only is the emac up to eye level , but I tilt the screen down just a hair so it does n't catch so much glare .
It also makes turning the emac easy as pie .
I really ca n't say enough about the tilt n' swivel . . .
there was one thing I 'm thankful I bought for my computer ( other than the ram upgrade ) it be this stand .
I 'd be lying I said I did n't , on occasion , still dream about a 17 inch iMac sitting on my desk ( do n't tell my emac ) but , the 1799.00
sticker price keeps me in check thankful for my decision to go with the emac .
Good luck in your decision I this review has helped .
cheers ,
brian
My Model
3.06GHz Pentium 4
UXGA screen
XP Home
512 Meg RAM on 2 DIMMs
2x DVD+RW drive
Integrated wireless NIC
NVIDIA GeForce FX Go5200 64Mb
I am delighted with this machine 's performance .
The machine is extremely fast when running at full-speed , multi-tasks well .
When running at battery-conservation speeds , the machine is still very responsive , though I do notice occasional sluggishness while trying to listen to MP3 's process large files in Photoshop .
The screen is fantastic !
The color range is noticeably better -- pure whites deep blacks .
The screen is also noticeably brighter than my IBM T22 , reasonably usable in outdoor shade .
I that the screen is still readable at about 130-degrees , though the brightness falls-off outside of 90-degrees .
I am still working to adjust to the massive 1600x1200 native resolution .
The screen is still very usable at lower resolutions , despite some diminished quality .
So far , the system has had problems sleeping hibernating .
The options are very configurable -- hard-drive , processor , screen , network , etc -- based on inactivity , closing the screen .
I have un-installed most of the Dell software .
All software un-installed flawlessly .
It 's just a shot-gun approach to curbing customer service contacts .
I 've set it for critical alerts only , but still receive the Roxio messages every couple of days .
After reading feedback from others , I was concerned that my 4200rpm hard-drive be too slow .
It has n't been an issue for me , even though I listen to mp3 's work with large Photoshop files at the same time .
I was pleasantly surprised by the battery life !
For two hours , all I do is lower the CPU speed .
I still use the screen at full brightness listen to mp3 's .
The touchpad takes some getting used to .
I miss the trackpoint on my IBM Thinkpad .
You tap on it to double-click , you configure it to continue scrolling the mouse when you reach the edge of the pad .
Even with the sensitivity set to high , it still takes more muscle work than the trackpoint a regular mouse .
The ability to burn 4.7Gig of digital photos onto a single disk is VERY nice .
It 's hot enough to cause discomfort , but you are reminded why they call it "burning . "
The integrated wireless card was a smart way to go .
Works even better than my PCMCIA card , there is protruding antennae .
The overall build construction is n't as solid as my IBM Thinkpad .
This machine is more "plasticy . "
When picking it up with one hand , you the case flex a bit .
But given this machine 's weight , I wo n't be holding it with one hand for prolonged periods , anyway .
Very quiet -- compared to my desktop PC .
Minor gripes ...
I also wish the PCMCIA card adapter was easier to eject .
The included DVD viewing software is clunky , but it works .
Like all laptops , I find some of the key locations awkward .
The keys are a little flimsy , I I will catch one of them with the edge of my finger break it , eventually .
I do n't like the sliver/blue design -- what was wrong with grey black ?
I am extremely happy with my purchase .
I purchased the sony PCG-FRV25 on recomendation from a pc sales person .
I want it for real estate purposes .
But it has been nothing but a total disappointment .
The worst thing is it 's terribly slow boot speed , I do n't even run a fire wall any back ground virus checker .
It wo n't even let me shut it down , it will just hang .
It also wo n't even allow me to burn a back up disk it aborts half way through .
I have an old 500 megahertz coppermine desk top , that runs circles around this peace of junk .
I am seriously thinking of taking it back stopping payment on it , but then I have wasted weeks of loading working with all my programs .
Anyway do n't say I did n't warn you .
, thereis always a chance that I happened to get a big lemon .
Canceled my order for an Inspiron 8500 for the 5150 - have regrets .
This sweet notebook has everything I was looking for : performance , value , quality construction , CAE capability .
Everything worked flawlessly out of the box - for strange behavior of the second USB port .
Updated drivers downloaded from the Dell site later cleared that problem .
I took advantage of the free 512 MB upgrade offer , added the 60 GB HDD.
The 4200 RPM speed is a bit behind the curve , but use of a larger disk cache (XP 3rd party ) compensate for this somewhat .
PC2700 notebook RAM is available much cheaper over the WWW , when upgrade time comes around .
I also ordered an extra battery pack from Dell .
Have n't needed it yet , since a 3-hour DVD movie leaves 40 % capacity to spare on a single battery .
Built-in sound quality is poor : headphones external speakers work fine .
The USB port expander fixed that , works well .
With that an external USB 2.0 HDD enclosure for my old 80 GB drive ( now used for backups ) , I was able to retire the old desktop : the 5150 is my 'main' machine on the road at home , with sacrifices .
These omissions are VERY minor : this is a beautiful , first-rate desktop replacement for gaming serious engineering work .
The basics are rock solid : processor , chipset , FSB/memory speed , display , graphics acceleration , performance/battery life , quiet operation , runs cool .
Another case of you do look under the hood .
You deserve what you invested in .
I will make this another long winded review .
Any Dell will fit into the same criteria .
you are happy investing in a car that has a nice paint job a 2.4 GHz sticker glued to the side of it .
Great .
I charge $ 75-$ 100 dollars per hour repairing proprietary computers like this .
we make great money .
Out of all proprietary manufacturers , I Dell is Number One .
You will save money .
you Look under the Hood here is what you see :
Do count on the power supply burning up , when adding more devices .
Non-proprietary systems mostly have 300 Watts minimum .
most non-proprietary mid tower cases will have room for 4 - 5.25 " bays 6-3.25 " bays .
concrete Motherboard Specs .
Video chipset is poor quality .
Low end SiS chipset .
Board has poor architecture .
RDRam runs at high temp is subject to .
Bios is Locked down manual tweaking is virtually impossible( i .e .
bios flash ) .
Inexpensive higher quality motherboards up to 3GB of DDR , have higher quality video chipset( i .e .
Nvidia ) ,and do contain a locked bios .
CPU is an OEM version .
a boxed version , which holds a 3 year warranty directly from Intel .
Investor has to pay for shipping return his case to Dell .
Dell will honor the warranty .
After the 30 day return policy , an investor as well roll the dice , hoping for a 7 11 .
Dell memory is cheapest , lowest quality on the market .
It will only function correctly in a Dell machine .
RDRam memory operates at high temperatures .
Dell makes their money back when you return for more memory .
Hard drives have lots of storage space .
What is the R.P.M. speed ?
Hard drive does have an 8MB cache .
On board HDD cache be great to increase HDD performance of multi-tasking web performance .
Dimension 8250 does have it for current price quote .
Currently HDD is poor quality , easily , only be 5400 RPM.
One of the lowest speeds on the market .
CD-Rom is a 48X .
Does Dell have any 56X ?
There are most several million poor quality CD-Roms still on a shelf .
DVD-Roms are currently 16X DVD 56X CD-Rom .
Invest in a DVD as they are usually $ 20-$ 30 more for quality brands( i .e .
AOpen , MSI) .
Most Leading Technology companies , which Dell claims to be , are phasing out CD-Roms .
Dell will still be including CD-Roms in their builds for months to come as they have with 24X CD-Roms on most of their server builds .
Open your case look at the manufacture date on your optical device .
I have witnessed several up to 2 years older than the purchase date .
Operating system is a Dell imaged disk that only be used on a Dell machine .
nothing other than a proprietary Dell machine .
XP home is garbage .
stable nearly to network .
suited for a small business environment , especially for networking other computers .
Windows 9X , Millenium , XP home are designed from the same poor architecture .
Invest in your Operating System .
Dell , Gateway , HP/Compaq , other proprietary imaging involved .
Full professional version ( i .e .
2000 pro , XP pro ) .
Dell also includes 4GB-10GB of SPAM software pre-installed .
Monitors accessories be found for reasonable prices from quality manufacturers .
Dell still achieves their mark-up .
sacrificing quality with antiquity bulk , low-grade , cheap parts .
Call the line see how long it takes for a human voice to answer .
Go to a local custom computer store .
Add a little to your investment for local .
Look shop around , you find someone local who is a true technology leader .
your computer will less within 6 months .
You will wonder why Dell said that XP Home is great for small businesses .
Plus , you will have to wait for weeks / months for the return of a computer .
they pick up the phone usually by the third ring .
I bought this computer almost 4 months ago .
Still works : ) .
But let 's review it .
First what I liked about this model is that it is really everything in one .
It contains all(still , computer world so fast changing , that almost everyday there is more invented , so correct me I will be wrong ) media readers .
i mean floppy is really old fashioned will be gone sooner later .
But meanwhile , there is people who will use it .
Other readers include Sony Memory stick , SD card , Smart Media , Compact Flash , Pc Card slot .
Well ca n't forget to mention that there is 4 USB one FireWire port .
Also 60 GB hard drive ... my god , this computer made for file storage ...
But I tell that is computer is n't perfect .
First - display .
It is advertised as extreme brightness wide vieving angles , at least sticker on computer say so .
Well it is bright , but do n't forget that it is ONLY XGA !
I compare this computer with other computers , with xga lcd .
How about picture detail , crispness ?
Besides , that brightness adjustment button is necessary .
Well be it save some battery life ... Speaking about battery .
Battery 's life is too short to call this computer a laptop .
It is enough mobile .
By the way , your battery is fully charged you turn computer on , do n't be fooled - battery monitor show that you use it for 3 hours , but after about 5 minutes , it show that only a little bit than hour left( correct time ) .
ok , how about brand name ?
It is made by Sharp .
I bought it for more than 1700 $ (with a 100$ mail in rebate ,and some other catches : ) ) but now it cost about 1300-1400 .
I use a password to protect it , so it takes couple extra seconds , but when it is on , I ca n't use any programs , because it freeze for about 5 minutes .unless
But I mess up with OS... ussually when i play dvd laptop run on batteries , dvd play with some interupptions .
Burned music on cds sounds metalish like music was performed with bad equipment , even using other cd players .
Upgrading lovers will be disappointed when they find out that memory is upgradable only 256 mb .
When hard drive fills up coputer slow down a lot .
Computer fan run almost all the time , it is louder than some desktop 's .
Ok I guess I said enough to prevent from buying this item .
It has wireless 802.11b , even I do n't use at all , but it is nice to have : ) .
You even lock this computer using special lock .
I bought this computer as a desktop replacement , after I study other computer data sheets .
It that even after 4 months this computer is more advanced than others , price is attractive .
I had just donated my slooooow Performa 6200 to my son 's kindergarten classroom somehow convinced my husband that we needed a new computer .
( Note that we already have a perfectly good blue white G3 an iMac DV+ . ) It 's a testament to his devotion to me that did n't question ( too much ) my insistence on a new computer .
The big struggle for me was to decide which computer to buy .
I 've lusted after laptops for ages really had my sights set on an iBook Powerbook but the truth is that you just do n't get the same bang for your buck with a laptop .
I also drooled over the G4 dual processors but , yikes , the cost was a bit too prohibitive for me .
Of course I another iMac ( my husband was lobbying heavily for this ) but I just felt like I wanted more .
;and then I saw it , the brand new , ultra sleek Flat Panel G4 iMac.
It was lust at first sight .
When I told others that I had ordered a flat panel iMac , I got a mix of reactions .
" Why you buy that freaky looking computer ? "
" It ca n't hold up to everyday use . " " It 's going to be a bust , just like the Cube . "
Harrumph !
I ignored their taunts , secretly hoping that they were n't right .
Unfortunately , I had to wait almost a month for the computer to ship so that gave me plenty of time to second guess the wisdom of my choice .
The Unveiling Set Up
I checked my watch before I opened the box .
It took me just under 9 minutes from cutting the tape on the box to having the computer up running .
I can't brag about how quickly I got on to the internet , though , since my darling husband has yet installed the Ethernet wire I bought to connect to our new router .
Needless to say , the set-up was incredibly easy took instructions whatsoever ( though clear visual diagrams are available for the less confident ) .
The software is already pre-loaded ready to go .
How does the New iMac Different Compare to the Previous Version ?
In comparing the two computers , I will be referring to the more recent iMac models , the original fruit colored ones with the hockey puck mouse .
Also , be aware that even though I am an avid devoted Mac fan , I 'm a techno-geek .
Do n't sue me I leave something out - just leave me a comment about my omissions and/or errors ( preferably a kind supportive comment ) .
Although first glance that the new iMac is vastly different than its predecessor , there are a few basic similarities :
~ ~ All in one package : The beauty simplicity of having everything you need in one integrated unit was a major selling point for the first iMacs it continues to be a significant advantage of the new generation of iMacs .
~ ~ Mouse keyboard : Both of these input peripherals are identical on my two iMacs - the Apple Pro Optical mouse the full size Apple Pro keyboard .
Actually , there is one notable difference with this iMac , both the keyboard the optical mouse are snowy white , just like the computer itself .
The white keys are an improvement over the black keys on my other iMac keyboard because they're much easier to see in the dark .
~ ~ Minimal Expandability : There are many options for expanding iMac model , though the need for expansion less of an issue with the feature-packed new iMac.
Both have one available slot for memory ( which I've already filled on both computers ) the option of installing an Airport card .
Now for the differences - some striking some more subtle :
~ ~ Size shape : As you see from the photo , the new iMac is a unique-looking computer .
Rather than looking like a large CRT monitor ( like the old iMac ) , the new one looks like a soccer ball ( closer in size to a basketball ) cut in half with a slender flat screen literally floating in space .
The new iMac only has a 10.6 inch footprint so even with the two speakers , keyboard , mouse , I have tons more room on my computer desk to clutter up with other gadgets .
~ ~ Monitor : of the 15-inch CRT on the older iMac , the new iMac has a brilliant flat-panel 15-inch display which provides almost the same viewable area as most 17-inch CRT monitors , but with twice the sharpness , brightness , contrast .
Therefore , there is ample space to grab a hold of the screen move it actually putting your fingers on the viewable screen itself .
~ ~ Speakers : This high-end iMac also ships with two 9-watt round external Apple Pro Speakers .
The earlier iMacs are all limited to internal speakers that provide a much more limited audio experience .
The Apple Pro Speakers look like softball-sized clear eyeballs .
~ ~ Hard Drive : Though hard drive size is a huge issue for many people , I really appreciate the 60GB Ultra ATA hard disk drive on the new iMac ( as opposed to 20GB on my older iMac ) .
All it took was a little digital video-editing project to max out my old iMac 's hard drive space .
~ ~ Processor : of the 450-MHz G3 in my first iMac , the newer iMac comes with the 800-MHz PowerPC G4 with Velocity Engine .
What this means is that the newer iMac easily handle the data-intensive processing required by digital video , music , graphics applications 3D games .
It also comes with a NVIDIA GeForce2 MX graphics processor with 32MB of dedicated Double Data rate video memory that gives a major boost to 3D graphics .
~ ~ Removable Media Drive : My old iMac was cutting edge ( OK , well really ) , because it came with a DVD player .
Though the removable media drives that ship with the new iMacs differ from model to model , this one is the top of the line - the SuperDrive .
The SuperDrive is a DVD burner as well as a DVD player CD-RW.
The new iMac's drive is also a tray drive as opposed to the slot drive on my older iMac.
According to Apple , the SuperDrive "writes DVD-R discs at 2x speed , reads DVDs at 6x speed , writes CD-R discs at 8x speed , writes CD-RW discs at 4x speed , reads CDs at 24x speed . "
I have n't timed it yet so I 'll have to take their word for it .
~ ~ More USB ports : The new iMacs have one extra USB port than the earlier iMacs , making a total of 5 USB ports ( counting the two on the Apple Pro keyboard ) .
I appreciate the extra port , though I I 'll still need a hub at some point .
~ ~ Operating System : My first iMac was one of the last machines that shipped OS X .
The new one comes with two operating systems : OS X OS 9.2
Other software shipped on the new iMac includes the latest QuickTime , AppleWorks 6 , Mail , Microsoft Internet Explorer , AOL , Quicken 2002 Deluxe , World Book Mac OS X Edition , Otto Matic , Mac OS X Chess , PCalc , Acrobat Reader FAXstf 10.0 Preview .
I have n't checked it all out , though I have had a blast with the World Book ( encyclopedia , dictionary , atlas , more ) .
~ ~ Other Features ( necessarily unique to this iMac ) : The G4 iMac comes with 256 RAM ( I added another 256 immediately ) , a built-in 56K V.90 fax modem , built-in 10/100BASE-T Ethernet ( takes RJ-45 connector ) , two 400-Mbps FireWire ports , built-in antennas a card slot for an optional 11-Mbps AirPort Card .
Adding additional memory an airport card is a simple process of unscrewing the base plate .
However , I had my extra memory installed free from MacConnection so I did n't need to do this .
http ://www.apple .com/imac/specs .html
Enough of the Dry Details , Tell Us About the Intangible iMac Experience !
I admit , I love the all white look .
It's downright virginal !
Besides looking gorgeous , sitting on my desk , this G4 iMac screams in terms of speed !
It 's going to be hard to switch back forth between this my older CRT.
The screen moves effortlessly up down , forward back , while maintaining the same angle .
I was a bit apprehensive about the strength of the chrome arm but after handling it a bit I see that 's more than tough enough .
In fact , you lift the computer by the arm when you want to move it .
The video quality in this computer is first rate .
I've watched several DVDs on this any problem , though I have n't yet burned one .
There is a distinct hum to the computer ( a cooling fan ) , though it 's still quieter than my older iMac.
Though I've been quite curious about this new operating system , I've also been understandably nervous in having it on my new computer since virtually all of my applications ( the ones that came pre-installed ) are OSX compatible .
Fortunately , it also ships with OS 9.2 so I I make that my default operating system , I figure out how .
Some people I know are so paranoid about OSX that they uninstalled it completely .
It takes a few seconds for the classic environment to open but then everything to work perfectly ( so far ) .
The ease of dealing with the operating system question has definitely added to the pleasure of using this new iMac.
One thing that 's taking awhile to get use to is the location of the power button .
It's on the back of the computer on the left side .
You can't see it so you have to around for it .
I still miss the power button on the keyboard ( on my Blue White G3 ) .
Though I 'm thrilled with my new purchase , I do have some doubts about the practicality of this model in certain situations .
For example , I do n't this iMac will ever take off as a computer of choice in the public schools ( a haven for the original iMac ) .
The flat screen is just too delicate for the kind of handling that curious impulsive kids provide .
In fact , I have my concerns about my own kids the flat screen .
Originally , I envisioned this computer serving as the "family computer " where I write Epinions , my husband surf the net , our young children play games .
For now , I 've banned my kids from even coming within 5 feet of this baby , though I know I wo n't be able to enforce the " kid zone " for long .
My six-year-old is already talking about what games he wants to load on to " Mama's new computer . "
Dr 's Recommendation
The 800MHz Flat Screen G4 iMac is everything I want in a computer - fast , reliable , powerful , compact , beautiful , downright fun .
It has the features to delight the experienced computer whiz , yet is simple enough for the novice to enjoy .
You laugh all you want - I know you 're just jealous .
The PowerMac G5 is a computer designed for two types of person : The power-mad user of CPU-sapping programs like Final Cut Pro After Effects , the person who just wants to look like one .
For the latter type , Apple has an entirely new case design , one that is beautifully made , but looks formal , stiff , a little stand-offish .
It is warm fuzzy ; my friend Amber will hug it , as she did my PowerMac G4 at work ; she slide a finger two over it , admiring the smooth , brushed-aluminum surface .
In short , it looks impressive , much more impressive , a formidable piece of engineering .
But those who like to hug computers want to find one of the last old G4 models .
The G5 is taller somewhat thinner than the old model .
It 's lighter , being made of aluminum of steel .
Setup Installation
Setup installation are , as usual , done with the same meticulous good taste sleekness of all Apple products .
You turn it on , plug in the keyboard , mouse monitor while it 's setting itself up , it treats you to a somehow dazzling but tasteful understated " Welcome " in ten different languages .
the process continues , smooth , pleasant tasteful until it is all done you have a set up internet connection all is well .
Do n't do that .
After that , it started to work flawlessly .
I do n't buy computers to look at their case design !
all of this happens with a tiny fraction of CPU use .
Encouraged by this , I decided on a stress test computer I 'd ever owned pass .
I decided to try capturing video then using my machine for other stuff .
Video capture is one of the most difficult things you ask a computer to do , because it all has to be done in real time .
it drops as little as one frame out of the 30 coming at it per second , the capture is useless .
Because of this , video capture is usually a mind-numbingly boring procedure where you sit at your computer , stare at your footage ( since you ca n't edit it at this point ) become bored to tears .
so on the PowerMac G5 !
My first attempt at this did n't work because I was installing LiveType at the same time .
It turns out that you ca n't install something from a CD while capturing video .
But you do pretty much anything else you want .
I was playing music with iTunes , checking my mail every minute , writing a message on my web browser , cruising the web switching between mail web constantly .
The system handled this all perfectly .
On all my older computers ( PowerBook G4 , PowerMac G4/450 dual ) , I do ANYTHING else while capturing video .
On this computer , with the standard 512mb RAM , everything just worked .
I 'm still getting used to the computer , I have a lot to learn about optimizing its performance .
But so far , I 'm very pleased ; it much faster than the benchmarks .
there 's more interest in real-world performance , I 'll add to this epinion later on when I have more results .
The 9 Fans
I am having problems with my home air conditioning , as a result my house has been a bit hot .
It is a bit of a trip to see - well , hear - how my new computer reacts to its difficult environment .
When I start working on it after a period of inactivity , the fans will run loud for a few seconds then restore themselves to silence .
Based on other reviews , I do n't this will be a problem for a typical household environment .
When my air conditioning gets fixed , I 'll post an addendum about the change in fan behaviour , any .
The bottom line , then , is that you have a hot room , prepare for a suprisingly noisy computer as it protects itself from the hostile environment outside .
I recommend a comparably loud speaker system when in a loud environment , remember , you play music through iTunes even when your computer is capturing video .
I emphasize , however , that a comparably powerful PC have a whole bunch of fans that be on constantly .
It 's just that most people are n't going to put that kind of computer in a room where noise is an issue .
Buying Tips
I do advise the purchase of any hot Apple product from the online Apple Store .
In most cases , you will actually get your product faster you purchase it from the retail Apple Stores on the day it becomes available there .
At the time I bought my machine at the Apple Store in the Grove shopping center in LA , there were people stacked up in the mail order queue who had ordered months before I did .
Since the savings for buying via mail order are literally non-existant ( with sales tax full retail prices still charged ) , there is literally reason in the world to buy retail .
Well , there is one .
Certain build to order options , such as getting a 250gb drive of the stock 160 , only be obtained online .
For me , with projects to do stuff to accomplish , it was n't worth waiting three weeks to get a bigger drive .
You always buy your memory upgrades from a third party , Apple .
Apple memory upgrade prices are absurd to the point of comic relief .
For example , upgrading my system from 512mb to 2-1gb sticks ( total of 2gb ) cost over $ 1,000 when purchased from Apple .
Other Considerations
The old G4s accomodate 4 hard drives in the case .
The new G5 , despite its larger case , only accomodate 2. Fortunately , for the new FireWire 800 standard makes this less important than it used to be , but it 's still annoying feels like a step backwards .
Every component of the G5 has undergone a makeover .
Faster video , faster memory , faster disk interfaces , everything 's faster .
Surprisingly , the keyboard on the G5 is a significant improvement from the G4 's .
With the G4s , the mushy keys often did n't register my keystrokes , especially when trying to type capital letters .
With the G5 , the keyboard is still mushier than I 'd like , but it 's at least reliable ; when I hit the shift key , I always get capital letters .
Sound on the built-in speaker is poor , but since most people will buy third-party stereo speakers for a system of this class , that did n't wind up being significant .
MacOS X
MacOS X really started coming into its own when I bought my PowerBook 1ghz system late last year .
Menus snapped into place , everything scrolled quickly , so on .
The dual G5 makes the PowerBook G4 look downright sluggish .
It 's more than things taking .1 second of .5 second , but it feels even more responsive than the old system .
The operating system is every bit as much of a brilliantly designed art object as the computer itself .
you want a good reason to switch from Windows , the tasteful elegance of MacOS X is an excellent one .
, of course , the performance .
This is an expensive product , but unlike 99 % of computers made today , it has the fit , finish , look of something polished to gleaming perfection .
On the paper this machine has everything to please a customer : power , big screen , universal DVD+ DVD- writer .
The first big surprise is the weight .
You wo n't take it with you you 're a frequent flyer !
Incompatibility issues are also a concern .
I have two USB devices that just do n't work on this laptop .
They work on IBM , HP even crappy clones like Acer Dell .
way to have them work .
Sony is famous to be "almost compatible " with everything but here you have to insure this to the customer .
USB is to be UNIVERSAL !
is almost inexistent .
Besides the "it 's our fault it 's the other ones " you ca n't count on anything .
They told me that my Sony laptop will work only only " I do n't change anything in the configuration , do n't add extra 3rd party software " .
In one word use it as-is from the factory but do n't you dare install , say , a word processor !
You break the equilibrium !
Is this serious ?
Some drivers are available on the last restore CD.
all .
Do n't look on the web to find an ftp site where you get them , they do n't provide them !
Nothing !
Even amateurs have their drivers over the Internet !
This is just nonsense !
Fan noise : well , you like to live next to an airport , you 'll love the GRV616S !
The fan is so noisy it covers the entire house ambient noise .
It 's simple , that 's the only thing you hear .
Even in quite mode ( at lower speed ) you still hear it .
It makes much more noise than any desktop PC I 've ever owned .
As a developer , I pushed it to the limits by compiling long projects in C++ ( sometimes compiling for 6 hours ) .
I used to hear its fan something like 3 minutes total .
Here , even you do n't do anything , well , it 's covering any other noises !
It drives everybody crazy .
So do n't even about using it in a library .
You wo n't be allowed !
Performance ?
Well it 's a P4 2.6Ghz is 2 % faster than my PIII 600Mhz Omnibook .
Same configuration !
DVD burner .
Nice to have a universal one .
But why does it need to take between 45 to 90 seconds each time you insert a disk in it before giving the CPU back to Windows ?
It burned DVD+RW like breeze , problems was surprisingly fast .
It destroyed in all my DVD-RW.
The mousepad ways too sensitive .
PS/2 connector .
So unless you buy the well designed docking station ( which I bought ) , you wo n't use an external keyboard mouse .
So it 's an external mouse a keyboard .
both .
Now I 'm returning the machine since I consider it "non compatible " .
I ca n't use my acquisition devices process my data .
I lost one full month of productivity with their incompetent tech ( here in Europe ) they do n't want to hear about a return .
Fortunately , advertising the machine as PC Compatible when it is , is "misleading advertisement " is aimed at ending in a court .
But I was ready to deal with that .
I like Sony TVs , DVD players .
So I that their laptops , this laptop , was good .
I was wrong .
A friend of mine has the same one .
She does n't like it .
Allright I looked at this little computer in the store a couple weeks ago hoping there be an advancement over the first Imac.
Besides a few minor upgrades that just barely met par with technology advancements there were changes .
The sales rep made a big deal out of how there was fan on the processor that meant there was such advanced technology .
He did realize he was talking to a man who is an overclocker at heart .
there is fan all that means is that there was a fan on the processor then it be run faster .
That means there is wasted hardware .
The mouse design problems have been fixed I still the thing looks like bas 70 's art deco .
I do n't it is to overclock with the hardware in this machine .
They are n't made for adjustment they just are n't that fast .
I purchased this product because I like " thinking different . "
I was really sick of Windoze! I was originally going to get an iBook but the features in the iBook pale in comparison to the iMac.
I got the computer home I it was great until I saw two little black dots towards the bottom of the screen .
I have only heard of dead pixels on LCD displays , the kind they use on laptops , like the Powerbook series .
So I took it back the next day they gave me a new one .
The window of where the DVD was playing had big lines going through it horizontally about the size of scroll bars .
So I took that one back then CompUSA said I have to get another one wait 15 days to get a refund in the mail .
I opted for a refund because I do n't in the " three strikes you 're out , " philosophy , two I is plenty .
I highly you do buy this computer , buy some other Apple computer such as a PowerMac, Powerbook G3 , iBook because Apple is definitely just sending these things out in quantity testing them for quality .
For a person on a semi-limited budget , I wanted a computer that give me the most bang for the buck .
This was my first computer purchase .
I knew ( at least I I knew ) that I couldnt get a decent Windows PC for about a grand .
All I heard was how powerful easy Mac 's are to use .
So I decided on the iMac.
I 've had it a couple weeks , after a few incidents that made me want to kick the thing out the window , I am now writing this review with a cool logical head .
i want to do an illusion reality comparison of this computer...this is based on the research I did on the Mac before buying it , the reality of the darn thing that Im living with .
Illusion : the Mac is a powerful computer that is easy to setup use .
Yeah right .
I know , Im naive ...like I said i bought a computer before .
For something so powerful , it certainly does like to do more than one application at once .
IFor example , you are using iTunes to import songs onto the hard drive want to go on to the internet , forget it .
its slow as molasses .
As a matter of fact , the only application that works at regular speed with another application running is the stupid chess game .
Illusion : the imac comes with a 56K modem for decent internet connection speed .
Calls to Earthlink Apple Care say there 's nothing really that be done about it , unless i eliminate all the line noise in the phone system .
I use to own a webtv unit , to be honest , webtv was faster than the imac is for accessing internet pages from the same phone line .
i dont know , I pick up the phone I dont hear any noise whatsoever .
Fact : This stupid OS X in incredibly slow frustrating to use .
I that the OS X is mostly responsible for the turtle like speed of the system , it does run better in 9.1 .
It also needs to switch freqently between X 9.1 to run some applications .
Im sorry , I hate the friggin dock .
It 's too big gets in the way of everything Im trying to do .
I know you reduce it in size , but then when I get it to the point where its blocking scroll bars Appleworks controls , its too small to read .
It has a hiding function , the dock pops up when the mouse is on the bottom of the screen .
That to be the best option , though sometimes it doesnt respond properly .
for some reason , every time I restart ot shut down the computer , all of my icons are re-aranged on the desktop in weird locations .
Whats up with that ? ? ? ?
illusion : iTunes is a revolutionary music program .
fact : it be great you just copy a CD straight up .
But no...you have to import the whole CD to your hard drive , make a seperate playlist for it , burn it , than delete everything-one song at a time so you dont overcrowd the HD.
While im on the subject , the volume control for this thing sucks .
good for late night listening in the house when all are asleep.
Also , the CD eject button only to work when it feels like it .
It malfunctions at least 1 out of every 3 attempts .
Well , because the manual says you have to quit all other applications first .
HUH? ! ? ! ? ! ? Im computer genious , but how much friggin memory is needed to eject a CD ? Come on ! ! ! ! ! Another example of the multi-tasking suckiness of this thing .
Also on my list of complaints are enough USB ports ( 2 ) , Apple Care .
Why the staff ?
I had once person laugh at me .
very professional , matter how bad I screwed up .
I didnt pay 150 bucks for a warranty to be made fun of .
I will update this review when the OS 10.1 update comes out .
Supposedly it will speed up the system quite a bit ...we 'll see .
As it stands , I recommend the iMac to anyone , especially you need a computer that do more than one thing at a time effectively .
This thing just sucks at multi-tasking , theres better way to put .
it .
I do it again , I have bought the iMac model for 999 , upgraded the memory later .
This thing is as fast as i was led to .
I also was disappoined in the of a DVD-rom drive .
I kind of ripped off misguided in making this purchase .
I guess theres a reason Windows PC 's are so popular , they just to work better .
Quite frankly , I this iMac is a piece of junk .
I 'd take it back were it for those stupid open-box fees .
I 'll live with it for the next 3 years , just happily .
please , do shop around before you consider buying this thing .
I have spent three months with my new Sony Vaio PCG-FRV27 notebook computer say that I am impressed .
After a couple of years of haggling , we finally convinced the bosses that we really did need a better laptop .
Thankfully , they saw that we be on to something managed to free up enough money so that we make a purchase .
Suddenly , I am hesitant to pull out my laptop in front of clients ( Improved graphics , speed , mouse , etc. ) because of the ineptitude of my previous computer .
Heck , the improvements are a huge step up from my desktop of two years .
THE SPECIFICS :
*/SYM 2.66 GHz Intel Pentium 4 processor
*/SYM 512 MB RAM
*/SYM 533 system BUS speed
*/SYM DDR SDRAM
*/SYM 1.024 MB maximum RAM
*/SYM Windows XP home operating system
*/SYM One 40 GB hard drive
*/SYM CD-RW 24x ( read ) , 16x ( write ) , 8x ( rewrite )
*/SYM Screen size of 15 " x 15 "
*/SYM LCD resolution 1024 x 768
*/SYM Two PC card slots
*/SYM Three USB 2.0 ports
*/SYM Modem 56 Kbps
*/SYM Size 13 " x 10.8 x 2.26 " 7.72 lbs
*/SYM Warranty for parts labor of one year
Ok , so what does all this provide you with ?
Well , you are me , you do n't .
I will provide you with what I like do like , but this will be a highly technical epinion .
I simply do understand a lot of the technical stuff .
What I do understand is performance what is important to the everyday end user .
WHAT I LIKE :
1 .
The size is much better than what I was accustomed to .
The smaller lighter the better , so long as you are sacrificing performance .
The Vaio PCG- FRV27 Notebook is quite light a similar size to what all other notebooks are .
A great improvement over what you purchase a few years ago .
2. Speed .
No, the Vaio is as fast as my desktop computer , but yes it is fast .
I am able to download as fast as I on any computer in our office .
This is of utmost importance to me when I am traveling since I am constantly downloading large files that contains numerous graphics for various presentations .
I am also able to download videos that go along with the presentations delay .
3. The graphics are sharp professional .
Again , this is important when it comes to any presentation .
The Vaio PCG- FRV27 Notebook meets both of these criteria a problem .
In addition , the screen is larger than my old machine because the screen takes up most of the frame that you view .
Hence , the picture portion of the screen is larger .
4 . Options are important .
At any one time , for instance , I need to be hooked to a printer , projector , the internet .
In order to do so I need multiple ports .
This machine provides me with three USB ports two pc card slots .
What this means is that I be hooked into multiple accessories at the same time .
5 . The bundled software is useful .
This software includes the following : Microsoft Money 2003 , Microsoft Works 7.0, Intervideo WinDVD 4 for VAIO PC , Microsoft Encarta Online , Sony DVgate Plus , Sony SonicStage , Sony PictureGear Studio , Sony VAIO Media Software , Sony Click to DVD , EasySystem Drag 'n Drop CD+DVD.
While all these names are familiar to me , I am sure that some of them are used my knowledge .
I do spend a good bit of time using Microsoft Money 2003 for my personal financial computations budgets .
A number of the bundled software programs are used for digital images - it be processing editing .
I have been a fan of the touch pad mouse , but am becoming a fan of this mouse .
I also found that I struggled in getting them to go where I wanted them to go .
so with this mouse .
You will find a consistent speed pinpoint control .
7. Though I infrequently utilize the sound feature , it is decent enough .
The speakers are built in ( Obviously ) provide a sound that I be embarrassed to utilize in a presentation .
Again , this is a big step up from a few years ago .
WHAT I DO LIKE :
1 .
The battery is just mediocre .
I say this with a caveat ; I be using more battery draining operations than before since I .
Utilizng a couple of accessories , I go for a good four to six hours problems .
Anything over six hours the battery begins to die out in a hurry .
2. Customer service is nothing special .
Ok , this is nothing new .
It as though customer service is poor regardless of which company you are talking about when it comes to technology .
More frustrating was that I was put on hold twice while the technician consulted with someone else .
I had a simple question ( I even remember what it was . )
felt as though I have been treated better .
My complaints are minimal the positives far outweigh anything I of on the side .
Additionally , the battery problems be cleared up by using the AC adapter by carrying a backup battery .
Regardless , I do to be calling customer service often .
This is too much computer for those who do have business needs , but you know when you will need the capabilities that the Sony VAIO PCG-FRV27 Notebook provides .
The Dell Inspiron 5150 is a powerful notebook with some nice components to give you plenty of power needs on the go !
The Inspiron 5150 is upgradeable with several options , this one that I am reviewing has 512MB of 333MHz DDR RAM , 64MB of 266MHz RAM for the ATI Mobility Radeon 9000 graphics chip .
Other features include a 15 " Ultra Sharp UXGA Display , a 60GB Ultra ATA Hard Drive a 2x CD/DVD burner .
( DVD+RW/+R ) Added upgrades for Microsoft Windows XP Professional Microsoft Works Suite 2003 .
We added a leather case which brought the cost to $ 2377 before tax with a 1 Year Limited Warranty plus 1 Year At-Home Service .
The Dell Inspiron 5150 starts as low as $ 1499 .
One disappointment in upgrading the Inspiron 5150 was the memory .
Here is one of those deals that Dell continues to rip off the consumer because the price of two 256MB chips the one 512MB chip be about $ 20 difference in cost .
The Dell Inspiron 5150 is available with only one processor , the 3.06GHz mobile Intel Pentium 4 processor with on-die 512K L2 cache 533 MHz Front Side Bus .
The Display
The upgrade to the 15 " Ultra Sharp UXGA Display was a good investment because the display is crystal clear with brilliant colors .
Graphics
It comes standard with 32MB of DDR RAM running at 266MHz .
It is an AGP 4x graphics card be ordered with the 64MB installed .
FireWire
VGA , Ethernet
Two USB 2.0 ports
A 56Kbps-modem V.92
The Dell Inspiron 5150 comes in a new Moonlight Silver Venice blue that makes it look very attractive .
Looking at around the notebook in the Front and Top you have the 15 inch screen , keyboard , mouse pad a pair of front mounted speakers .
The right side has the 56K modem .
Dell did n't include a serial PS/2 port ; these are ports that are outdated today .
big on these ports I you will see them disappear from most systems yet to come .
Good choice Dell !
Overall the performance is fast ; playing DVD movies are problem at all with a clear smooth running movie .
Color is beautiful on anything that you do with the Inspiron 5150 ; the games are the most impressive .
The sound through the speakers are fair , they are a good bass sound .
Adding a nice set of speakers for use at home be helpful .
The built-in mouse is easy to use , as good as a regular cordless mouse but for trips it will do fine .
At home I still prefer a USB cordless Optical mouse .
I was very impressed with the battery use ; I get roughly 4 hours of usage before I need to recharge it .
An extra battery here get you around 8 hours of usage , this maybe something to consider you are on the go a lot .
I am very impressed with the quality that went into this notebook , in my book the Dell Inspiron 5150 is one of their best computers on the market today !
Why was I so drawn to the iMac ?
You see , for the last 11 years I have been using Microsoft Windows-based machines .
Each version of Windows has been getting better , XP in particular is quite good .
In fact , going into this purchase , I was quite happy with XP.
Still , roaming the aisles of CompUSA I felt myself being drawn to the iMac.
For a few reasons actually .
I still use a Windows machine for work , so I figured I take a chance buy an iMac to replace my Micron PC at home - I have n't looked back since .
My home computer had been used primarily for managing photos , creating editing Microsoft Office documents , videoconferencing (using Messenger in XP) , surfing the net .
With the iMac , I wanted to add making movies to the repertoire .
One thing that I discovered that eased my decision was the fact that MS Office documents now share the same file format for Mac PC .
My was that the Mac version require different file formats ( requiring a conversion at end ) , this is the case .
Discovering that I create a Word , Excel Powerpoint document e-mail it to a PC any worries was a beautiful thing .
The other thing that was a concern was videoconferencing functionality .
We have family on the other coast , used the videoconferencing capability built into XP 's Messenger to virtually visit these relatives .
However , there was an easy solution .
Yahoo Messenger does have videoconferencing capabilities built-in , works cross-platform ( Mac to PC ) .
In addition , the iSight camera that is available for the Mac is incredible .
It is auto-focus , the image quality is excellent .
The new PC 's were shipping with 3 GHz processors , here I was contemplating the purchase of a machine with a 1 GHz processor .
I put a bit of faith in this explanation , let it get in the way of my purchase decision .
Once I found that MS Office videoconferencing work for me on the iMac - put aside the processor speed concern - I got out the credit card .
OUT OF THE BOX
One thing that really bugged me about my PC was the sheer number of cables , connectors general mess it to create on my desktop .
It was so nice taking the iMac out of the box , placing it on my desk , connecting the speakers , keyboard Ethernet cable to the iMac , connecting the mouse to the keyboard , done .
I am stating the obvious when I say the iMac looked stunning .
It truly is a piece of art , the build quality is very impressive .
The bottom of the iMac was even finished off beautifully with a circular piece of brushed aluminum ( which looks very much like a larger version of what you 'd find on the back of a fine watch ) .
Another aspect of the design that is very nice is the fact that the system is very ergonomically pleasing .
It is amazing how much more comfortable it is (especially at 6'3" ) to have the screen up nice high .
The range of movement is vast .
Being tall , I have the screen very high , but someone who likes it lower lower it all the way down so that the bottom of the screen is only a half inch from the surface of the desk !
From the highest to the lowest setting , there is a range of movement of 7.5 inches !
I found that once I started using the iMac , I got way fewer headaches .
With my other monitor , even though the viewing angle was correct after it pivoted upward , I was still looking down at it quite a bit .
This caused the back of my neck to strain after a while , which sometimes lead to headaches .
The iMac monitor also pivots from side to side , which I have n't found all that useful - but I guess people will use it when they want to show others their work , etc .
FEATURES
I anyone buying simply on specs will buy a PC , as they are leading the pack from a hardware per dollar standpoint .
I was more concerned with real world usability .
Still , for those that know , here are the specs :
1 GHz PowerPC G4 Processor
17 " widescreen digital display
80GB 7200rpm Hard Drive
NVIDIA GeForce4 MX 64MB video card
256MB DDR SDRAM ( Max 1GB )
56K V.92 internal modem
2 Firewire ports
2 available USB ports ( after the speakers , keyboard/mouse are connected )
Apple Pro Speakers ( the translucent round speakers )
This is a good section to comment on the speed of the machine with the 1 GHz processor .
the most processor intensive task I have undertaken on the iMac is movie editing .
For this , I found the iMac to be plenty fast , at time did I like I needed more speed .
I really that the Mac world is more focused on usability than raw speed , as is the case with the PC world .
The PC world is filled with specs benchmarks , you do n't see this nearly as often in the Mac world ( although you do see it ) .
The first thing I did to my iMac was to add memory .
From a performance per dollar standpoint , nothing beats additional RAM.
So I purchased a 512MB memory board from CompUSA for around $ 120 to bring the total memory up to 768MB.
I have upgraded the memory in all the computers I have owned , so I did n't even bother trying the machine with the 256MB.
My recommendation be for around $ 100 get the extra memory - it 's a brainer .
From a hardware perspective , I also note that you get an internal wireless card for the iMac.
The Airport Extreme wireless card for the iMac works with the AirPort Extreme Base Station using 802.11g for up to 54 Mbps , which is about 5 times faster than the currently most popular standard of 802.11b .
The Airport Extreme Card is also compatible with 802.11b you already have a wireless router based on the older standard .
I have a wireless network in my house , but have the iMac sitting next to the router .
Therefore , I just connected it with an Ethernet cable .
However , I was to place it elsewhere in the house , the internal wireless feature be nice as it eliminate an external box .
I have actually about putting it in the family room , since it looks so nice , it fit right into the decor .
All is lost however .
First of all , I do n't currently have a need for it .
second , you buy a tiny D-Link DBT-120 bluetooth adapter that plugs into a USB port for about $ 50 .
The D-Link adapter is tiny at 1.81 " x 0.73 " x 0.37" , so you just plug it in you do n't see it .
One thing I advise is to replace the Apple Pro Speakers with a better system you are going to do a ton of music listening , as the Pro Speakers have absolutely zero low end .
So far , I have kept them - but I will replace them at some point .
GETTING STARTED
I turned on the machine went through the setup procedure .
I was ready to roll .
When first using the iMac , one word comes to mind , that is " slick" .
Everything looks so nice crisp stylish .
The way the icons look , the way the applications launch .
The images to jump off the screen they are so lifelike .
Unlike most PC 's that convert the digital image to analog , where it is sent through a cable to the monitor , the iMac display has a direct digital connection to the video card .
The high-quality of the monitor combined with the digital connection is what makes the monitor look the way it does .
I started playing around with the applications , they were very intuitive .
Anyone used to a Windows machine will find it very easy to use the Mac .
Sure , it is slightly different , but the general concepts of pulldown menus are the same .
The one thing I did notice however is that I missed a 2-button mouse .
Rather , you simply push down on the mouse itself the whole mouse "is " the button .
However , that was the case , as there really was second button to click .
I figure Apple will eventually smarten up offer a 2-button version .
Another area where the iMac was was in user switching .
My wife I had separate user accounts on the XP machine .
We switch back forth on the XP machine , leaving applications open .
With the Mac OS X ( also called Jaguar ) , you need to completely log off ( close all applications ) in order to switch between users .
The good news is that the next version of software , called Panther , is due out from Apple on 10/24/03 .
Panther adds a number of features , one of them is user switching similar in functionality to XP.
With the Mac , the "home " key takes you to the beginning of a document versus the beginning of the line with a PC .
The "end " key on the Mac takes you to the end of the document versus the end of the line with a PC .
To go to the beginning end of the line on the Mac , you need to use the up down arrow keys .
Minor quibbles of course , but anyone used to Windows find it a bit confusing at first - in practice .
Other than the issues mentioned above , I found the iMac OS X to be very easy to use .
Keep in mind , this was just basic usability , nothing application specific .
Read on to find out how the iMac stacked up from an applications standpoint .
APPLICATIONS
The iLife suite of applications ( which come with the iMac ) was one reason I went with the iMac.
iMovie - import movies from your camcorder edit them
iPhoto - import , manage , edit print photos , easily order prints photo albums
iDVD - put your iMovie projects on DVD and/or create DVD-based slideshows of your photos from iPhoto
iTunes - import , manage music from your CD 's downloaded music
Since the iLife applications are so central to the iMac experience , I wanted to really focus on them from the standpoint of "how " I use them how easy they are to use .
I found it to be exhausting tedious to try to find the best application for doing these things on the PC .
There were way too many choices .
So after playing around with the iMac getting a for it , the next day I focused on the iLife applications .
Over the past few years , I have accumulated many hours worth of video featuring my now 2 year old son .
I had been itching to put them on DVD , but it like such a chore .
I did fool around a little on the PC trying to make a movie , but I did n't find it all that intuitive , it a little flaky .
It even had transition effects ( e .g .
fade in , fade out ) , titles credits , a few songs I imported from some CD 's !
I simply connected my JVC MiniDV camcorder pressed a button to import the footage .
The iMovie application to detect the various points in the video where I stopped started recording .
So different pieces of footage that I took on the same tape were stored on the " storyboard " as individual clips .
Then I simply took the individual clips dragged them into a timeline at the bottom of the screen .
One clip run into the other .
However , I wanted to put in a transition effect between the two clips , I simply selected from a list of effects dragged the effect icon between the two clips on the timeline .
You name each clip , then see a list of the clip names in order to build a "scene selection " for a DVD ( same as the scene selection feature on DVD 's you rent ) .
I then used iDVD to burn my movie , I was loving life .
The experience of making my first movie exceeded any all expectations I had going into the process .
As for performance , it was great .
I describe it as very responsive , at time did I wish it was faster .
After your photos are stored in the library ( which by default is organized by "roll " of digital film which is dated be renamed to whatever you 'd like ) , you create albums .
You then select pictures from the library drag them into an album .
I have found iPhoto to be very easy to use have even scratched the surface of its capabilities .
For instance , I know you put in descriptions of individual photos , then search all of iPhoto for photos that contain a keyword .
The advanced features are there , but they are n't "in your face " like they are with PC applications .
Once I got some pictures from my digicam into iPhoto , I also found out how easy it was to e-mail photos to my friends .
I open the photo , resize is , save it as a compressed JPEG , then open Outlook attach the images to an e-mail send it .
With iPhoto , you simply select the photos you want to send , then press the e-mail icon at the bottom of the iPhoto interface .
It brings up a window which allows you to select a size of small , medium , large full size as well as two check boxes asking you want to include comments titles , that 's it .
I usually select medium ( which is 640 x 480 ) .
This automatically opens up an e-mail with the photos attached , at which time I write my e-mail text hit send .
So easy .
iPhoto also makes it extremely easy for the novice to post their photos to their own internet site with the addition of the .Mac service , but more on that later .
Lastly , you click on "order prints " "order book " to get your photos professionally processed to order a hard-bound book containing the photos from any of your albums .
When you order prints , the order is handled by Kodak .
sure who makes the albums , as I have done this yet , but they look beautiful .
They are hard bound covered in linen in a variety of colors .
Prints are $ 0.49
for 4 x 6 , $ 0.99 for 5 x 7 , $ 3.99 for 8 x 10 go all the way up to $ 19.99 for a 20 x 30 .
These services are commonplace for PC users , but the fact that they are so tightly integrated into iPhoto makes the process of ordering them MUCH easier .
This is something that has been intriguing to me , but have done it because it is n't all that intuitive on the PC .
It 's just that I wanted to take the steps to learn .
With iTunes , there is learning .
You just pop a CD in , iTunes opens , you listen to it drag songs into your music library .
iTunes works like iPhoto in terms of having a library then playlists ( equivalent to albums in iPhoto ) .
All your music gets placed into the library , then you create playlists which organize the music in the library .
So I drag one song into my " Mellow " playlist , another in my " Classical Music " playlist .
You name the playlists however you want , organize them accordingly .
Another very nice feature of iTunes is that along with your library playlists , iTunes also has a " Music Store " icon .
The beauty of this is that it does n't open an internet browser , necessitating a second interface to deal with .
Rather , the music is right there in iTunes .
When your music library playlists are selected , the search bar at the top of iTunes lets you search your own music for a group a song .
When you select the Music Store , the same search bar lets you search their online database .
After the song is downloaded , you simply drag it into one of your playlists just like any other song .
It is very simple , very easy to do .
I say that Apple has done enough to promote the iLife applications .
Sure , the of these built in applications was appealing to me , was a reason for purchasing the iMac.
However , I did n't them to transform the way I used a computer .
These applications far exceeded my expectations , I was running Apple I make even more of an effort in promoting them .
With iMovie iTunes , it was a joy to do both .
Also , iPhoto makes it much easier to manage share your photos , which means that I confident my photos are where I want them , easy to get to - versus lost in the midst of some folder somewhere .
In addition to the iLife suit of applications , some other applications the unit ships with are iCal , iChat , Address Book Mail .
Obviously the person who decided to put an "i" in front of Mail Address Book is longer with the company !
iCal is obviously a calendar application ( a calculator , but the iMac does come with one of those too ) .
iChat is an instant messaging application that works between Macs also is compatible with AOL Instant Messenger .
iChat does cross-platform ( Mac to PC ) videoconferencing , so I have used it yet .
As I mentioned earlier , I am using the Yahoo Messenger for this .
Address Book Mail are just what they sound like .
They are both very basic applications , but they do have one advantage .
That is , they integrate well with other Apple software .
you are used to Outlook , you will like Address Book , Mail iCal , as they are all SEPARATE applications .
why Apple decided on this .
It 's actually quite as bad as it sounds , as the applications do offer some integration/interaction with one another .
Still , you are an Outlook fan , then Microsoft Office X comes with Entourage X , which is a Mac version of Outlook .
I loaded Entourage X to try it out , I liked it very much .
However , I eventually stopped using it in favor of the Apple applications .
However , when I tried to have iPhoto send photos through Entourage , I got an error message .
I switched it to Apple Mail , it worked flawlessly .
That was enough to sell me on the of sticking with the Apple Applications .
Hopefully they will improve them over time .
I have the luxury of managing my calendar the majority of my contacts on my work machine , which is a PC running Outlook .
So my iMac is primarily used for e-mail managing some personal contacts .
I managed my business contacts on the iMac , I definitely toss iCal , Address Book Mail in favor of Entourage .
INTERNET THE .MAC SERVICE
I did n't find much of a difference between the PC Mac from a web-surfing standpoint .
One thing I guess I did notice was that Internet Explorer offered slower performance than it does on the PC platform .
The iMac does come with its own browser called Safari .
Safari does offer faster performance , much more responsive than Internet Explorer .
This makes a lot of sense since IE was built for the PC Safari was built for the Mac .
After using both , I actually preferred Safari , primarily because it offered tabbed browsing - which I had experienced before .
To explain , when you open a link in Internet Explorer , it will override the existing page , causing you to have to hit the "back " button to get back where you were .
IE also offers the ability to open the link in a new window , which means you do n't override the page you were on previously , but now you have two windows open .
Tabbed browsing simply allows you to open a link on another tab , within the same window .
you click a link in Safari , it will override the existing page just like IE.
However , you hold the apple button on the keyboard down when you click a link , it will add a tab at the top of the browser open the new page associated with the new tab .
You then click on the different tabs on the top of the browser window to switch between the pages , as well as click on the " x " on the tab itself to close the tab .
Personally , I like the concept of tabbed browsing , which is why I preferred Safari .
I also like the performance of Safari over IE.
Another hidden gem I found on the Mac post-purchase was the .Mac service from Apple .
At $ 99 a year , it certainly is n't the cheapest hosting/e-mail service around .
However , it is much more than that .
For a novice who wants to put up a web page , I mean a TRUE NOVICE , there is better solution .
For example , areas where text be added only allow the user to put in their own text move on .
I you make minor changes , such as text color size , but that 's it .
Experienced web designers will find the .Mac templates to be far too simple inflexible .
However , novices will get a big grin on how easy it is how they ca n't mess things up .
Speaking of photos , the .Mac service seamlessly works with iPhoto in what has to be one of the greatest feats of integration I have ever seen on a personal computer...and it works !
Let 's say you have taken pictures with your digital camera imported them into iPhoto .
Now you want to put some of those pictures on the website you created through the .Mac service .
All you need to do is launch iPhoto select the photos ( by clicking on them ) you want to put on your website .
Once you select them , you simply click on the "homepage " icon on the bottom of iPhoto window .
This brings up a window which shows what your web page , complete with the photos , will look like .
It also adds a title of the page , which you overwrite , as well as an area where you write a description of the event related to the photos on the page .
only does it automatically publish the page , but it also adds a link to that photo page on your home page !
You then go back to your homepage in .Mac edit the text for that link .
Down the road when you want to delete the photo page , you simply login to .Mac it shows you a list of the pages on your site .
In other words , you do n't need to worry about the impact that changing eliminating one page has on another page .
In fact , you do n't need to know the first thing about designing a website .
iPhoto combined with the .Mac service makes it easy for ANYONE to put up their own website .
I ca n't stress enough how easy it is .
Also , it gives you the option of password-protecting the site , which is a nice feature in this day age .
The .Mac service also offers integration with iMovie for posting movie clips to your site , although I have investigated that yet .
In addition , you get all sorts of free software special offers ( that are actually worthwhile ) through .Mac.
The .Mac service also offers all sorts of online training for many applications , such as the iLife applications .
The other " services " it offers are e-mail , server space for backup , as well as an interesting way to backup allow you to access your bookmarks , calendar , contacts files over the internet .
This is where your website backup files are located .
iSync automatically synchronizes information such as your calendar , contacts , bookmarks files between your hard drive your iDisk makes them available to you over the internet through any web browser on any computer (PC Mac ) .
iSync also performs various synchronization feats between your iMac other Macs , as well as with Palm PDA 's bluetooth mobile phones .
Once you get an understanding of how .Mac integrates with your iMac , all the services it offers , $ 99 like a relative bargain .
I am very glad I have the .Mac service .
I also note that more experienced website designers upload their designs to the .Mac web server they the .Mac templates are too simplistic .
WARRANTY
Apple warranties the iMac for one year .

Apple provides complimentary phone for 90 days from the date of purchase .
Since I was new to the Mac world , I purchased 3 years of for $ 169 ( called the AppleCare Protection Plan ) .
My was that since I was new to the platform , I 'd need the more than the average person .
Well , I have n't called yet !
I 'm almost hoping I will have a minor issue just to get some sort of payback on my investment !
It also includes onsite service versus having to send it - drive it - back to an Apple authorized service center ( which is the case with the standard 1 year warranty ) .
I do n't understand why many people say Apple 's are more expensive than PC 's .
When I was shopping , I found that the PC 's from Dell Gateway were MORE expensive for a similarly equipped computer .
I paid $ 1799 for my 17 " 1Ghz iMac.
Here are the details of the Dell system , which was based on a 2.6 GHz Dimension 4600C , which is their ultra-compact desktop ( which most closely matches the footprint of the iMac ) :
Dell Dimension 4600C
Pentium 짰 4 Processor at 2.60GHz w/800MHz front side bus/ HT Technology
Microsoft 짰 Windows 짰 XP Home Edition
80GB Ultra ATA/100 Hard Drive
Floppy Drive Included
4x DVD+R+RW Drive CD-RW including Sonic RecordNow MyDVD LE
COMPLETE DVD/CD Burning , Copying , Backup-MyDVD Dlx RecordNow
Dell 짰 Quietkey 짰 Keyboard
Dell 혲 Optical USB Mouse
Microsoft Worksuite짰 including Money 짰
Front/ Rear IEEE 1394 Ports Dual Front PCMCIA slots with Data Fax Modem
64MB DDR NVIDIA GeForce4 MX혲 Graphics Card with TV-Out DVI
Dell Media Experience 혲
Altec Lansing 짰 ADA215 Speakers
Dell Jukebox Premium powered by MUSICMATCH
Dell Picture Studio , Image Expert Premium
Microsoft 짰 Plus !
Digital Media Edition
Integrated 10/100 Ethernet
1 Year Limited Warranty plus 1 Year At-Home Service
Belkin SurgeMaster Gold - 10 Outlet with Coax
A few hundred dollars more than the 17 " iMac !
Granted , all you want is a bare bones computer that will get the job done , you get a much less expensive PC .
However , you get what you pay for .
I that the Dell above - with the options listed - most closely matches the iMac , is more money .
SUMMARY
It has been the most satisfying consumer electronics purchase I have ever made ...period .
It is beautiful .
It is easy to use .
It is fun .
What more I ask for ?
Once you sit down use the Mac , you will see that the whole is much more than just the sum of its parts .
You 'll forget all about processor speeds , caches different types of RAM.
Rather , you 'll just enjoy the experience of using your computer .
Since Windows is pretty much universal on PC 's , PC purchases usually boil down to how much hardware you are getting for your dollar .
Sure , you have your hardcore Mac fans who spend countless hours debating how fast something will get done on a Mac G4 versus G5 .
But for the average consumer who just wants to their computer to work effortlessly , it really comes down to the software .
it is the software that really makes the Mac shine .
Of course , the fact that it looks so nice is an added bonus !
Since I 've before owned a " cutting edge " computer , always choosing to buy machines that were near their "end-of-life , " I decided to take a chance on the hottest of the hot , the Dual 2GHz G5 .
So , I ordered one .
waited .
waited .
waited some more .
Apple had to re-authorize the charge on my card twice before I received a nice e-mail that included the FedEx tracking number .
Then I spent another week waiting , checking the FedEx tracking website for progress , making sure someone was here to receive the package when it arrived .
Even the box it arrived in screams , " I 'm stylish , I 'm beautiful , GOOD GRIEF I'M FAST. "
Opening the black cardboard box reveals a sheet of cardboard over the accessories , including the keyboard mouse , a phone cord , a USB extension cable ( nice touch , Apple ! ) for those who 'd like their keyboard to be a bit farther from the machine , the power cable .
The case is made of plain matte-finished aluminum with an Apple logo embossed very lightly in a different texture .
Unless you have the light just right , you wo n't even see it .
All of the seams meet perfectly , I found irregularities at all .
Setting the computer up was a snap .
Turning the machine on , I heard the familiar Apple chord , it started right up .
Seeing a welcome screen in several languages , I proceeded to fill in the little forms to register the machine ...
It 's *fast* .
I rip entire CDs to MP3 in approximately four minutes , according to the CPU Monitor I 'm even maxing out the processors .
The Box , " What 's With the Giant Cheese Grater On Your Desk ? "
More than one reviewer has that the G5 with its front back surfaces covered in holes looks like a giant cheese grater .
I do n't see that close a resemblance , myself - it looks more like a speaker grille to me .
There are so many holes in the case that I understand the actual surface area to be reduced by about 35 % - 65 % of it is aluminum , the front back are 35 % holes .
The gorgeous aluminum case for the G5 houses three available PCI-X slots , the AGP slot , dual processors , a SuperDrive ( DVD-R , CD-R , etc. , all in one unit ) a 160GB hard drive .
The back panel includes ports for USB 2.0, FireWire 400 , FireWire 800 , optical digital audio in out , analog audio in out , Gigabit Ethernet , a phone port for the modem , two little connectors for internal Bluetooth Airport Extreme .
( Bluetooth is only available as a build-to-order option , be added internally post-purchase . )
Also on the back panel is the latch to open the case - which is padlockable .
Much more effective than the Kensington " security slot , " I 'm sure .
The front panel has the power switch , a headphone jack , USB 2.0 FireWire 400 ports .
longer do I have to reach around the back of a machine USB hub to plug in my CompactFlash card reader to download pictures from the digital camera .
do I have to fumble around trying to connect a FireWire cable behind the machine to capture video .
The Fans , " The Sounds of Near-Silence "
The Power Macintosh G5 has multiple " cooling zones " inside the machine .
They 're designed so that air move from the front of the machine to the back out in a "laminar " flow .
This means reduced turbulence inside the machine , resulting in better airflow - quiet .
You remove the aluminum side panel to look inside the box while it 's still running , but you remove the clear plastic air deflector , the machine will automatically go to sleep so that it does n't overheat .
I 've heard stories from other people who say that the fans will cycle up down , get very loud - I set the machine to "fastest , " the fans stay on all the time , the box is still quieter than my old Dual G4 was ( it was n't a WindTunnel/Mirrored Door Mac , ! )
Even the SuperDrive spinning up to rip a CD to MP3 is louder than the fans are .
Music , " I Paid $ 3000 For A 3" Radio Shack Speaker ? ! ? "
Additionally , the G5 longer supports the Apple Pro Speaker connector , so I ca n't use the Griffin ProSpeaker Cable to connect speakers to the machine .
On the other hand , the optical digital audio out port means I plug the G5 directly into a Dolby 5.1 Surround Sound amplifier receiver , have more audio wattage than I know what to do with .
The analog audio-out port is also available to plug in a regular set of powered speakers .
The two connectors are the ADC , Apple Desktop Connector , which supports Apple monitors with built-in USB hubs , a DVI connector for other industry-standard LCD flat panel screens .
The ADC connector itself supports the power USB signal to the monitor , while the DVI connector provides nothing but video signal .
Apple thoughtfully includes a DVI-to-VGA adapter in the box so one connect a non-DVI flat panel screen ( like the Samsung 171S) , as well as regular HD-15 VGA monitors .
Expansion Slots , " What Do I Do With My Old Keyspan SX Pro Serial Card ? "
The PCI-X slots in the G5 only 3.3v signaling .
This means that a rather significant number of PCI cards will even fit into the slot , let alone function .
So , I need to upgrade from the old Keyspan SX Pro to a four-port USB-to-Serial adapter in order to connect my other machines ' console cables .
There are eight memory slots in the G5 , two of which are occupied when you buy it .
This does n't even come close to the maximum RAM addressable by the processor .
There 's one extra slot inside the machine for an additional Serial ATA hard drive .
That 's right - only two slots for hard drives .
But since Serial ATA drives come in flavors up to 200GB more , do you really need that much storage space ?
The Goodies , " ANOTHER One-Button Mouse ! "
It is , unfortunately , yet another clear-bodied "one-button " Apple Optical Mouse .
I even unwrapped the mouse , opting to install my Kensington Turbo Pro Trackball Nostromo SpeedPad n50 as my input devices .
( Bonus : The Nostromo driver longer kernel panics the machine ! )
Software Compatibility , " The Upgrade Race "
So far , I 've been lucky .
I have yet to find any of my current software rendered useless by moving to the G5 .
Virtual PC , on the other hand , is something that a number of my friends acquaintances depend on for specific applications .
The G5 simply wo n't run it - yet .
( Knock on wood ) I have n't even managed to crash this one yet .
Mac OS X 10.2.8 ( G5 ) is the most stable iteration I 've seen yet .
Speed - Enough Said
In the course of writing this review , I 've also ripped another 13 CDs to MP3 , dumping them into the iTunes library .
While ripping CDs , I 've also been using iChat AV to talk to a friend of mine (using the iSight FireWire camera - a slick little piece of hardware ! ) writing at the same time .
It 's fast
The Imac is horrible .
Sure it looks nice but we are talking about a computer an office ornament .
For those who are looking to buy a computer that is technologically advance will last at least a couple of years before it becomes worthless LOOK ELSEWHERE do n't waste your hard earned money on this piece of junk .
I write a huge book on why the iMac is a bad computer , but to be brief here are a some of the big problems with the Imac :
1 ) Over Heating
Also because the iMac compacts everything in that little case there is overheating with all the other hardware parts which cost you in performance .
Also since there is fan on the processor the processor is running at a slower speed then it technically which means that there is wasted hardware .
Besides why you want your computer to be releasing massive amounts of heat on a hot summer day
2 ) Hardware sucks
Try using the DVD drive it is so flimsy .
It is bound to brake .
It does n't even come out all the way when you press the button .
The speakers suck .
The mouse keyboard are horrible see my section on Ergonomics .
Can't upgrade to anything see ca n't upgrade .
3 ) of Software
As with all Apple computers very few developers make software for Macs .
Even when they do the software comes out months years after it has come out for PCs .
Go in to a computer store look at the software sections for both PCs Macs .
You will soon see the difference .
Mac holds such a small part of the computer market that there is little profit incentive for companies to make software for Macs .
you want lots of software (especially games ) , then buy a PC .
4 ) Can't Upgrade
Open up the case look .
You be lucky you locate anything .
Just about every Pc be upgraded .
While Pcs have tons of hardware upgrades (video cards , sound cars ... ) availble , macs have next to .
You are suck with it .
5 ) Ergonomics
Before you buy try out the new Imac.
You will find that the mouse keyboard are Ergonomicly painful .
The mouse keyboard are too small to fit your hands will make your hand hurt after a couple of minutes .
have I used a more uncomfortable mouse keyboard .
Sure you have all heard that macs are twice as fast a Pcs at least .
Too bad the test was done by Byte Mag . a product of apple .
Sure in some intences they are a bit faster but most times they lag far back in performance .
I have comparing the parts of an iMac with a Compaq Pc in the same price range to prove that the iMac is worth it .
The Pc
A) Costs :
Pc - $ 1299 ( complete system w/ printer )
Imac - $ 1299
B) Processor :
iMac - G3 400 MHz
C ) Memory :
Pc - 128 mg
Imac - 64 mg
D) Hard drive :
Pc - 17 GB
Imac - 10 GB
E) Monitor :
Pc - 17
Mac - 15 in
F) Results when software was run on both :
Starcraft ( game ) :
Mac - 7 sec to load
Microsoft word :
Pc - 2 sec to load
Mac - 2 sec to load
Netscape :
Pc - 3 sec
Mac - 6 sec
Photoshop ( graphics program )
Pc - 6 sec
Mac - 5 sec
As you see , the iMac is worth it the high price the trouble .
- " classic mac os "
- "mac os x "
Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak recently declared that mac os x is " ready for primetime . "
For example , displaying navigating through multiple open windows on "mac os x " is very slow even on this $ 3,500 laptop 's 500 MHz G4 chip .
By comparison , Windows 2000 is extremely fast on Intel Pentium 3/4 AMD Athlon chips , which now exceed 1000 MHz = 1 GigaHerz = 1 GHz , with IBM Dell offering 1 GHz Pentium 3 laptops .
Most mac software , including major software such as Adobe Photoshop Microsoft Office , work only on " classic mac os" , which does have :
- preemptive multitasking
- protected memory
As of this writing , even apple 's own DVD player software does work on "mac os x . "
But wait .
There 's more : here 's a partial list of Windows-only software :
www.att .net
" ATandT WorldNet 짰 Service System Requirements [for ATandT i495 7/70 offers ] : A PC with a Pentium 90 processor faster ; Windows 95 , Windows 98 , Windows Me , Windows NT 4.0 with Service Pack 3 ( higher ) , Windows 2000 ; "
www.yahoo.com
" I voice chat on my Macintosh ?
Yahoo!
Messenger for Macintosh does include the Voice Chat feature .
messenger.yahoo.com/messenger/webcams .html
" Setup Your Own Webcam you 'd like to setup a webcam of yourself , all you need is a Windows 95/NT/98 computer that is equipped with a webcam camera . "
Windows 95/98/ME only . "
www.dialpad.com
dialpad.com/support/clinic.html
" Minimum Requirements : Windows 95 Optimal Performance : Windows 98"
mac users claim that macs are easier to use than Windows .
Nonsense .
An overwhelming majority of the world uses Windows just fine whilst only 5 % use macs .
So you still Windows is too difficult to use , and/or you do n't that "it 's votes that count , " then " You are the weakest link .
Goodbye . "
Wow , this is one beautiful piece of machinery , both inside out .
It will empty all doubts that Apple is back , but it will also empty your wallet .
This computer will do everything you want more , fully upgraded you edit an entire feature film on this thing , but for half the price , you do it on a PC .
However , you get a similar PC for under 3000 dollars upgrade to far beyond the capacity of this computer for under 5000 dollars altogether .
You definitely do everything on this computer , but why do it you put up with Windows 98 do evertything more for virtually half the price .
Video editing , mostly done on Macs professionally is quickly moving over to PC because all upgrades are much cheaper .
It 's really terrific that you get 256mb of RAM a 40GB hard drive with this here computer , but that 's just enough to really edit medium to large amounts of digital video .
You upgrade on this a PC .
Do n't buy this computer unless you have money to throw away .
It like an industry standard , it 's just an industry .
Please bear in mind , they have money to throw away .
you are looking to edit digital video on your computer email me at ( InnerYouthFilms@aol.com ) I 'm more than happy to provide you with answers that will save you 3000 dollars .
This review is a bit long but you 're even slightly interested in switching to the iMac please take the time to read it (you do n't want to spend $ 2K on just any old computer do you ? )
I am in the military have used PC 's since there were PC 's .
I spent one tour as the IT manager for my command .
My only experience w/ Macs had been at my kid 's school with my minister .
I was extremely skeptical of Apple researched for several months before deciding on the iMac.
I was tired of having the BBB ( big beige box ) next to my desk .
I had seen the new iMac in the news during its intro was immediately smitten .
I ask you why in the yr 2K3 do computers still look like they did 20 years ago ?
I 've had mine for about one week now my wife is about ready to divorce me .
The engineering design that went into the iMac make it the most usable computer on the market .
Try moving a regular LCD monitor with one finger to position it precisely where you want it .
I bring the iMac ?s monitor right over the keyboard for typing surfing put it up high to watch DVD ?s with my kids , truly awesome .
The 16X9 aspect ratio is great for everything , especially browsing w/ two windows open , one on each side of the screen .
I get so tired of hearing how you ca n't upgrade it .
you 're worried about the iMac 's 1GHz processor vs a 2.x GHz PC clone , do n't .
I you 're a game freak you 'll want a PC but my kids I play games on consoles now use the computer for important things like the wonderfully educational preloaded World Book encyclopedia .
you 're really interested read up on how the G4 chip processes in comparison w/ the PC chips .
Set up was a breeze , about 15 mins including unpacking .
Do you really need a subwoofer w/ a computer ( more wires ) ?
I was unsure of the Apple one button mouse but now I 'm sure , carpel tunnel as I move my hand around more the only thing it is a wheel as you hold the control key pop up a menu window anywhere (you add a multi-button mouse you want ) .
I love the " Dock " that holds all frequently used program icons , it makes opening an app a delight as each icon blows up when moused over .
The iMac is very quiet just wait until you see it sleeping for the first time , way cool .
Lastly you know your way around MS Windows then do n't fear Mac OS.
I it took an hour to familiarize myself w/ the important parts of the system .
Go look at the iMac , talk to Mac users , read the switch testimonies make you choice .
Anyone who does n't give the iMac a test drive buys a clone will miss a great opportunity to own a truly useful home computer .
I was going to purchase one of the new $ 1199 mid-range iMacs for my 19 month old son to bang on , I wanted it primarily as a DVD equipped monitor so that he watch " Baby Shakespear " DVDs in the nursery .
But Apple decided to replace the DVD player with a cd Burner .
Yeah , like my son is going to rip burn his own cd 's !
He has mastered banging on the keyboard wiggling the mouse with Toddler Disney !
The Digital Video feature is virtually useless with the 20GB hard drive .
there were absolutely system files on the drive , that allow for approximately one hour of captured digital video .
I guess you convert the file into an Mpeg1 on a 650MB CD-R , make VCDs .
But I do that on a $ 550 PIII much easier faster , even with analog video I do n't want to pay $ 1000 for a digital camcorder .
I 'll have to purchase a used iMac with a DVD player .
I do what Apple want 's me to do , get the $ 3,499 G4 with a Superdrive to play DVD 's .
I as well get the $ 2,999 Cinema display while I 'm at it !
But I justified it .
I 'm self-employed , client work is scarcer than a few years ago , I had two perfectly adequate PCs .
I got a great price on this , I 've looked back .
I 've owned Macs on off since 1987 ( when I famously paid $ 500 for a 15 meg hard drive ) , but about six years ago , while working for a software company , I got fed up with my top of the line $ 5000 PowerBook its constant crashing switched to PCs as my main platform .
In the long run , I did n't do this for the operating system but for my eyes .
I spend at least 40 hours a week in front of the computer , mostly online .
An enormous bonus is the audio capabilities , as they have always been with every Mac I 've owned .
The speakers are great .
You plug in a printer ( see my rave review of the Epson 5200 multifunction ) it just works .
The monitor is so crisp I focus across the room .
I love the adjustable arm .
The keyboard is perfect .
Took a while to get used to the infrared mouse , I miss having a second button .
The superdrive is just super .
On the downside , the OS does n't work with the 256 megs of RAM the computer comes with--they tweak the OS sell in this configuration .
I 'm running Panther on 768 megs of RAM , it 's really fast .
Hardware : Above Average .
Customer Service : Horrifying , atrocious , ghastly , hideous , horrific , dreadful , horrendous , appalling .
Please read the following for specific details .
Hardware :
The system is integrated well , everything was functional when delivered .
The components are name brand , to be of above average quality .
1 221-2537 Dimension 4600 Series , Intel Pentium 4 Processor at 2.4GHz
1 310-4164 Wireless Keyboard Mouse Desktop Solution
1 320-4600 17IN(16.0IN
VIS)E773c Monitor ,Midnight Grey , Dimension
1 462-1743 J740 Inkjet Printer Driver
1 462-3281 80GB 7200 RPM Ultra ATA Hard Drive
1 340-8860 3.5in Floppy Drive
1 420-1921 Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition , Service Pack 1,English
1 412-0409 Generic Dimension Dell
1 310-1966 Mouse included in Logitech Wireless Package
1 430-0412 Intel Pro 100M Integrated PCI NIC Card
1 313-1313 56K PCI Data Fax Modem for Windows
1 313-0917 16X DVD-Rom Drive
1 430-0462 Cyberlink Software Decoding for DVD Drives with six channels
1 313-2758 Integrated Audio
1 313-2198 Speaker Requested
1 412-0547 NETWORK ASSOCIATES MCAFEE.COM,OEM,ENGLISH , 90 DAY TRIAL ,FACTORY INSTALLED
1 412-0298 MusicMatch 7.1x Basic
1 412-0271 Dell Picture Studio Image Expert Standard ,Dimension
1 412-0273 Dell Picture Studio Paint ShopPro Try Buy , Dimension
1 412-0441 AOL 8.0 DHS
1 420-3224 Broadband Icon for Inspiron
1 412-0380 Real Network RealOne Player Basic ,Version 6,US English
1 412-0395 Word Perfect Productivity Pack
1 412-0551 Money 2004 Standard Version for Dimension
1 412-0555 Microsoft Enclyclopedia ,2004 for Dimension
1 950-4430 Type 3- Third Party At Home Service , 24x7 Technical , Initial Year
1 950-9797 Warranty , Year 2 3
1 412-0359 Soft Contracts - Qualxserve
1 462-0984 Informational Only - High Speed Internet Billed Separately
1 460-9055 DHS Instant $ 100 Off
The MiniTower Case is relatively user friendly you do want to add a lot to your new PC .
It provides ( 2 ) 5.25 " drive bays in the front , the integrated floppy opening .
There are ( 2 ) Internal 3.5" bays , one of which is used by the Hitachi Hard drive .
This permits installation of another Hard Drive you wish .
The floppy drive does come standard , but you add one to your system for Twenty dollars , as my family I did .
I personally this is misleading , since almost every PC comes with a floppy drive , it to be one way Dell is trying to keep the cost of their advertised systems under the competition 's .
There are ( 2 ) USB 2.0 Ports in front for easy access , plus six more in the back , providing plenty of room for USB accessories .
There is a headphone jack in the front for easy access as well .
There is ( 1 ) external 9 pin serial port , ( 1 ) 25 pin Printer port which supports ECP , EPP , Bi-directional communication .
There is a PS/2 connector for a keyboard , one for a mouse .
you add a wireless combo , they do send these .
The power supply is 250 Watts which be a bit underpowered you want to add a lot of accessories , but considering the limited expansion slots , this will be an issue .
The motherboard to be an Intel Motherboard , consistent with most Dell configurations .
Since September there have been ( 2 ) BIOS updates to resolve hardware issues with the Network Adapter allow for the use of faster CPUs. .
There are 4 available expansion slots in the back , one of which was utilized by the PCI WinModem , one by my AGP display adapter upgrade .
This leaves ( 2 ) PCI slots for accessories .
The integrated NIC is an Intel( R ) PRO/100 VE Network Connection to work well I downloading the driver from Intel of using the Microsoft driver .
This provides additional flexibility options for configuring your network card , permits 'power users ' to extract additional network performance .
I do use the 56K Conextant WinModem since I have Cable Access for the internet .
I remove this PCI card I desire the PCI slot at some time in the future .
One always upgrade through an available PCI slot they wish it does meet their needs .
Inside there are two 7-pin serial-ATA connectors on the motherboard .
Serial ATA hard drives provide faster performance that Enhanced IDE drives .
This is a nice option to have available .
Because my budget was unlimited , I settled for the 533 FSB , performance adequate .
The processor be upgraded through 3 Gigahertz I find that performance ever .
With future BIOS upgrades , it is that this speed will be increased .
Memory be upgraded to a whopping 4 GIGS RAM !
The Intel Chipset used is the 865PE , I am satisfied with its performance .
of this concerns me , personally .
The AGP slot supports 1x , 2x , 4x , 8x AGP.
I have gotten the same card for less money elsewhere I wanted to shop around , but did find the upgrade prohibitive in cost .
The Dell Wireless Keyboard / Mouse combination is manufactured by HI-TEK CORPORATION , a company that manufactures OEM products for Manufacturers , is particularly noted for high quality products .
It is USB only , even though the web site listed a PS/2 adapter with it .
When connected to the USB port it detected well , but matter where I placed the receiver it did communicate with the keyboard mouse well .
I finally decided to return it , but this is another story , found below .
The DVD-ROM have been a Lite-On a Samsung .
I ended up with the Samsung .
It reads CDs as well as DVDs .
Performance is acceptable , since I installed my own 52 X 24 X 52 CD-RW for my primary CD-ROM.
The hard disk is a Hitachi .
They be the best on the market , but they are better than many , such as Fujitsu .
Performance adequate , although certainly as good as the Western Digital drives with 8 Meg Buffers .
Since I have a new 180 Gig Western Digital , I will replace the Hitachi 80 Gig drive with the western Digital , use the Hitachi as a backup for important data , only connecting it when I wish to update my backup .
At first , I found the computer to be very slow , I was greatly disappointed .
My old Pentium III 550 much faster .
Once I checked to see what programs were running , I realized that this was caused by numerous Dell software running wasting memory CPU cycles .
There are still some problems where the system to lock up , I am preparing to save all of my data reload the operating system the programs I want .
I encourage new buyers to do this themselves , before putting any data onto the drive .
I will discuss the method to do so further down this review .
Software :
Dell installs many " system utilities " which degrade system performance waste hard disk space .
The typical end user will have the technical expertise to disable all of the unnecessary services , disable remove all of the Dell Spyware Dell related Software that deteriorates System performance significantly , the Shareware that become non-functional after 30 days from the date of first use .
Because of this , I highly recommend removing hard drive partitions ( erasing all software ) then re-installing the software from the provided CD-ROMs.
Dell provides a System Restore CD which removes the drive partition re-images the drive with a standard Dell setup / configuration , much as the Symantec software Ghost do .
This reloads all of the Dell Spyware utilities that slow the computer down .
Dell also includes the Operating System CD , in my case , Windows XP home .
You setup your system from scratch by placing this CD in the CD-ROM drive restarting your system .
This allows one to setup XP , you remove the drive partition( s ) before proceeding with setup .
Here is a link to a page from Microsoft detailing the process : http ://support.microsoft.com/default .aspx ?scid=kb ;en-us ;315341
View " Method 2" select " Install Now . "
When you complete the installation , be certain to install all Updates patches by visiting http ://windowsupdate .microsoft.com
This is for the faint of heart non-technically inclined !
While I find this very simple , I have been working with computers since 1976 .
you choose to do so yourself , be aware that you render your computer inoperative you do perform this properly .
I that you are in doubt , you seek assistance .
After completing your operating system reinstallation , you will want to install the drivers programs that came with the computer .
Do install anything you will be using .
You always choose to install it at a later date .
Loading fewer programs will give you more available disk space , improve system performance .
There is a driver disk for the Modem drivers .
I do loading the Dell Diagnostics utilities .
Many of these run in your system tray , wasting your CPU cycles memory .
In short , they are bad for the system performance .
you do own an alternative , you will want to install this .
The Dell Provided Antivirus software(you have to pay for it after 30 days ! ) , software , multimedia software , internet software are all on one CD.
I loading this .
, download this Free , highly effective Antivirus software from Grisoft : http ://www.grisoft.com/us/us .php
Virus definitions are updated regularly , it has protected my family for years .
I highly recommend this .
downloading the free RealOne player .
MusicMatch software is also included , but you want that , you download it by visiting that website at http ://www.musicmatch.com
You read the details concerning registration before you decide it is right for you .
Other programs that are "Try Buy " are also available from their respective web sites Dell 's injected spyware , you find exactly what you want , in Freeware , Shareware , Commercial software .
you want to use these , load them .
you do , do n't .
Again , you load them later .
Following these will provide you with a computer that runs the way it was meant to .
It will be faster , more stable that the way it was shipped to you .
System Setup :
Besides the problems listed under Software , above , all three of our systems had a Thirty Seven Megabyte FAT partition installed in addition to the Windows XP NTFS Partition .
this is installed to allow for System Hibernation with Power Savings .
I recommend deleting this partition using One ( two , depending on your technical abilities preferences ) partitions formatted with NTFS.
Turning your computer off is more energy effective , you do have any problems that be associated with system Hibernation .
Customer Service :
This is the major Problem with Purchasing from Dell .
The Dell Customer Care forums reflect the deterioration of their , are filled with customer accounts of Dell Staff responding , delaying resolution , providing inadequate resolution to customer problems .
My wife completed the rebate form for both her computer her Mom 's computer , mailed them at the same time at the same post office .
System Order # 1.) - My Mother-in-law :
My Mother-in Law 's order was fine , she has needed to contact Dell for assistance .
She received her rebate check after a month .
System Order # 2.)
My Wife :
My Wife ordered the EXACT same thing as my mother in law .
The order was fine , but she STILL has gotten her rebate , when she checked the Rebate Status page , there is nothing even shown about her rebate .
She is attempting to resolve this matter at this time .
System Order # 3.)
My Order :
1 ) I ordered a system upgraded the standard keyboard mouse to the Dell Wireless Combo for $ 65.00 .
The description for this product showed a PS/2 Adapter , which I need to use my KVM ( Keyboard / Mouse / Video switch . )
2 ) When I opened the box , there was adapter , reference to an adapter in the documents .
3 ) I contacted Dell Technical who immediately advised me that this unit is compatible with PS/2 be adapted .
They told me to contact customer care to send it back for a refund .
4 ) On October 9 , I contacted Dell Customer Care to arrange to send back the Wireless Combo for a refund .
I provided the correct shipping address to my home , since the system was sent to my Mother-in-Law 's house in a different state .
5 ) I had to call Dell Customer Care back request the Standard Keyboard Mouse that I was entitled to with my system purchase .
Customer care had offered to send it to me , after explaining the matter , Keeve DTC39418 told me he have them shipped to me .
6 ) The Dell Customer Care site showed that Order # 497367046 for " Keyboard ,104,6P, United States, Multi-Media,NMB" shipped on October 10 , but to the wrong address .
When I contacted Dell Customer care , they said they change the address since it was already shipped .
8 ) Immediately following this , I communicated with Pierre ( Dell Customer Care Chat ) who told me he had corrected the shipping address send the standard PS/2 Keyboard Mouse to me at the newly corrected address .
Ho told me that he had issued a credit for $ 55.28 " which is what I had paid for it . "
9 ) I contacted Dell for a month , less than 20 times via e-mail , online chat , Telephone , attempting to have the shipping address corrected get the Keyboard mouse sent to me at the correct address to issue me the remaining $ 9.62 credit for the Wireless combo .
To this day , it remains " In Transit . "
11 ) On October 12 , I received credit for $ 55.27 for the $ 65 wireless combo purchased with the PC ordered in September .
12 ) I continued to contact Dell Customer Care via e-mail , Customer Care Chat , telephone on nearly a daily basis .
( I have saved all inbound outbound e-mails chats . )
Dell repeatedly apologized for the problems I experience , but nobody to be able to resolve the matter .
He requested , I provided the correct shipping information .
shipment ever , shipment ever occurred .
14 ) On November 21 , Raymond DTC28723 promised me that he ship the standard Keyboard Mouse to my home address .
He requested , I provided the correct shipping information .
15 ) On November 21 , I found Order # 542456257 was entered , showing the " ship date " as December 2. It was , unfortunately , for " Keyboard ,104,6P, United States, Multi-Media,NMB" ( standard PS/2 Keyboard Mouse ) but rather , for another Dell Wireless Combo .
I e-mailed Raymond DTC28723 several times , but did get a reply .
16 ) On November 22 , the Shipping status of Order # 542456257 changed to " Processing , where it has remained to this day .
17 ) On December 2 , the " Ship Date " of order 542456257 changed to a blank .
When I contacted Dell Customer Care , Raymond DTC28723 replied stating that Dell Financial Services had to approve this as a free shipment .
18 ) On December 2 , I posted over 15 separate contact names addresses that I had been dealing with upon the Dell Customer Care Forum as the " Dell Wall of Shame " filed a Consumer Complaint with
Office of Attorney General Mike Fischer
Harrisburg , PA 17120
Here is the list of contacts that were to resolve this simple matter after many dozens of contacts :
1 . Debbie (us )
2. Josie
( Salesperson I dealt with )
3. Dell Inc. E-Business Sales Division SMB )
4 . Jersey DTF229365
6 . Sydney DTC39425
7. Arnold ~DTC47364
8. carla AGENT 2819 ( who be the same person as number 9 )
9 . Carla DTC69143
10 . Dominic DTC66961
11 . Sandy ~DTC65916
12 . Ronald ~DTC29559
13 . Keeve ~DTC39418
14 . Pierre ( Dell Customer Care Chat )
15 . Robin ( Dell Customer Care Chat )
17 . uscemcsd@dell.com
19 ) After filing the complaint notifying Customer Care Dell Inc. E-Business Sales Division , I received an e-mail from each apologizing again , promising prompt resolution .
This is simply more of the same , I am certain that only after judgment has been made against Dell that the matter will be resolved .
It is quite frustrating to have to deal with so many individuals who are to resolve such a trivial matter .
I have requested , repeatedly , that the matter be escalated to a supervisor , but this has happened .
In light of my experience , the similar experiences of many others , I strongly urge any prospective Dell customers to make their purchases from a different company .
Addendum :
Here is an e-mail I sent in response to an offline conversation with on of the reviewers .
They felt I add this to my review , that it will help others .
you do decide to buy a dell , make 100 % certain that you order the standard setup .
Then , go back order any accessories as a separate order .
You purchase upgrades by searching at www.techbargains.com , get better upgrades for less money .
While you are under warranty , Dell Tech is obligated to help you with technical queations such as " How do I install this " "what are the specifications for memory for my computer so I buy it at my local Office store" , etc .
The one time I dealt with technical they were prompt , accurate , helpful .
Be advised that Tech Customer Care are different .
It is my opinion ( also based upon a conversation with a technical manager ) that the customer care system is limited because of it 's design .
Dell is to CHANGE anything in an order .
something is defective , it is easy for dell to ship an exact replacement .
This is where the trouble lies .
BUT , you decide to CHANGE anything in the order , the system is so inflexible that they are to make a change .
The Tech manager ALSO said that during the 1st 30 days , you return the system for charge ( other than what it costs you to ship it back ) so during that 1st 30 days , the salesperson with be very accommodating in order to protect their commission .
It is after that 30 day period where you are to encounter problems since their commission is then secure .
Also , you wish to look into purchasing the PC of your choice with SOFTWARE.
You then go to your local staples , office max , office depot , etc buy what you want , load it yourself for a better performing system .
You also get exactly what you want .
The final option is to buy from a local business .
Even a super-store will offer the advantage of face to face service with a representative you have problems .
The Dell hardware / software package is very cost effective .
Do buy with the expectations that you will get any you have problems .
As a computer tech for decades , I am happy to offer assistance to any who ask .
I be to help with specific issues , I be able to respond immediately , but I will do whatever I to help .
Also , there are forums like Expert-exchange ( do a Google search ) where I am also active .
This is a collection of people trying to help one another .
There are professionals who offer help , as well as home users .
Take advice with a grain of salt you have questions .
I 've owned my titanium powerbook for 3 months .
It 's beauty is in pictures , but you have to own use it for awhile
to learn of its problems .
-fragile (titanium is strong but this machine 's shell is paper-thin even titanium is weak when stretched like
onion skin )
-mine arrived with a non-functioning hard drive
-mine arrived with a DVD drive that refused to give back DVDs unless I forced them out
-mine arrived with a DVD drive that run Cds DVDs that had certain images on them
( that is , the decor on certain dvd 's , the little picture on the back , is sometimes printed too thick
too uneven for the DVD drive to handle , the DVD drive goes nuts when presented with a Cd
like this ; ordinary pc 's handle this but the Titanium powerbook has little to tolerance for
any CD/DVD deviation from perfect ) .
-mine arrived with a battery that cuts out FALLS OUT ( the battery actually fell out once when I lifted
the machine .
-I sent the machine back APPLE replaced the DVD HARDDRIVE ;
-Then I discovered the battery problem they sent me a new battery for free , redesigned so as to fall out .
I dropped the powerbook , only about 4 inches to the tabletop , but I dropped it , IT COMPLETELY CRUMPED UP! ! Like a car with crumple zones , that 's when I saw how THIN the titanium really is .
It 's absurdly thin .
Any thinner you 'd be able to see through it .
I paid for this repair .
Apple returned it all fixed , completely revamped .
Two weeks later , me I handled it with kid gloves , VERY carefully after its return , two weeks later
it froze every time I booted up .
I spent 2.5 hours on Apple tech .
The guy gave up .
I 'm sending it back
I 've owned it for THREE MONTHS! ! ! !
Okay , one of those repairs was my fault , so consider it THREE REPAIRS.
I to you that
This machine is beautiful but fragile tempermental , owing to its slimness .
I imagine all sorts
of problems stem from the slim space Apple has fit this machine into .
you buy it do n't say I did n't warn you .
Cheap but overpriced .
Check out the reviews at www.epininions.com/cmhd
Be sure to click on sort by date .
The Dell 2350( MPN-D235RH) is another example of great Gimmick pricing .
Based on a comment for the celeron version of these Dell pieces .
However , since Dells have almost the same garbage in different flavors .
I write another piece cover some of the issues .
What makes this version different from the celeron version .
Maybe you are PAYING $ 600 more for the privilege of saying you have a OEM version P4 Intel 2.5GHz processor .
Wow , that upgrade really hurt for investors impressed by the upsell of another OEM processor .
OEM again means Dell is burning the clock on a 30 day warranty from Intel .
you , the perspective .
Your warranty on the processor will most have been expired several days / months before your machine ever ships .
You 'll know .
for the time your frustration stress factors build as you wait for your machine to be fixed .
The cases on any Dell are almost identical .
you a computer company is still installing 250W power supplies in their computers ?
Technology leader .
What a joke .
Sales leader of Junk is more appropriate .
As well as a minimum 300-350W power supply .
The only valuable piece of hardware in this Dell is actually the Harmon Kardon Speakers .
surprisingly Dell lets you know it is included in the system .
Are you curious ?
Now ask who the manufacturers are for the rest of the computer .
Wow , it comes with a 15 " Flat screen .
Right click on the screen .
Go into settings tab .
Click on advanced button .
Pick monitor tab .
Change the monitor frequency to 75 Hertz , which is a minimum cofortable setting for human vision .
These very cheap flat screens will start freaking out above 70 Hertz .
Dell is the manufacturer .
Memory is coming down in pricing .
But Microsoft is always requiring more .
other than being some of the lowest quality Dell memory for a computer .
This is where Dell will make up for that low price .
You need to add memory .
Dell upgrades are truly overpriced .
So when you you are moving toward an Ultimate platform , You are really progressing toward an ultimate reaming .
For a modern system you are really being mislead with only 128MB of memory .
This model does come with 512MB.
It is Dell memory .
It only has a Dell logo on it .
Great for an office environment , Internet only surfing , elementary pre-adolescents .
Most , all microboards have around 2 PCI slots an AGP slot .
They will have Integrated Video , LAN , typically AC97 audio .
OOOh ! sorry truthfully you only an on board video chipset with 32MB capabilities .
it pulls from your memory cache .
So , remember your 128MB system .
It is now only about 96MB at full speed .
When you move into CD-Roms .
The answer is very little .
around 400k per second .
However , we are in the 21st century so I had .
That is meant to be an offensive statement to the commentator by the way .
That was an excellent question .
It to me that 48x were available around the turn of the century before .
We sell DVD 16x for $ 65 off the shelf .
my cost is so insignificant between CD-rom DVD that I hardly ever try to sell CD-Rom unless a perspective just has to pinch those pennies .
I just wonder how much dust is being blown off those CD-Roms before they go into a new Dell .
just remember , Upgrade means nice commission increase to a dell salesteam .
The Hard drives in these systems are truly another joke .
another question for turn of the century .
5400 RPM usually .
That is almost as fast as a Volkswagon diesel car climbing a hill with a 5 % grade .
Let the old have a peaceful euthanization .
Even 7200 RPM has been updated with 10K RPM hard drives .
10K is as fast as owning a SCSI hard drive for a third of the price .
You just Daisy chain several IDE hard drives .
Another modern convenience is the development hard drives with 8MB caches .
memory on the hard drive .
Hard to but it allows faster file accessing , internet web caching .
Memory is local to the hard drive of pulling resources from the memory on the motherboard .
This model surprisingly has a 7200 RPM HDD , But it does have the 8MB cache it is also an generic manufacturer that Dell is too embarrassed to disclose .
One of the greatest jokes of owning a Dell machine is their Imaged software included spamware .
It is true some of the other large names use Imaged software .
Most of the other names have a full version operating system installed on them with little headaches .
Plan on sticking with the Image disk x-file the Dell where it belongs in some dumpster .
Imaged CD-Rom media is pennies for companies like Dell .
they shave around $ 40 dollars per full OS media disk from Microsoft .
you are happy with your Dell after a few months , you will care about having imaged Operating System media .
you are , sorry ca n't use your media on different systems .
do plan on a lot of pain you wish to install full version OS 's on a Dell system .
Do be mislead by home version .
I do recommend , sell , install this garbage unless a client already has made the mistake of owning it .
Lock-ups , poor system resourcing , will join a domain , internet firewall .
Hopefully , microsoft will euthanize this worthless , sad architecture .
Invest in XP profesional Dell , Gateway , some other companies imaged garbage on the media .
You will regret it .
Other than worthless operating system software you will also have several Gigabytes of useless spamware .
Great publicity marketing charges to hopeful companies to place junk and/or unwanted programs on you system .
You plan on losing up to 10GB of your system to this garbage ( i .e .
AOL , Bonzie buddie , music match jukebox , modem on hold , etc. )
You really did n't get something for a great price .
You still have to pay to get it make it right in the end .
Last , the greatest joke about Dell is their Service warranty enhancements .
As I have said in a previous review , it is a wise investment for a phone headset with a dell machine .
Plus you are a light sleeper you rest while you wait for help .
Next day does mean your system is fixed the next day .
You will hopefully get a call , for a scheduled repair .
Also , as our company is sub-contracted by a Dell agent , your is usually provided by a sub-contracted local computer store individual .
You have to Pay an extra for something that is usually provided by manufacturers of quality components .
Quality parts typically come with a 3 year manufacturer warranty .
Some people have a tolerance for pain .
research some companies like ours , who stand behind their systems locally .
We have been in this business for over 12 years with hundreds of computer builds our phones are ringing off the hook for returns low quality systems .
Case in point
Exactly what this system has with the included hidden specs for $ 1493 ea .
The perspective had initiated an order with Dell , but called back for immediate termination after my following :
Blk window case w/ 320W ATX power 2 80mm fans
Aopen AK77 400N motherboard
( 400 MHz FSB , 5 PCI , 8x AGP , 6 ch audio , LAN )
AMD XP2200 with Heatsink Fan
512MB PC2100 DDR memory
Mitsumi 1.44 FDD Blk
Sony 16x DVD-Rom Blk
Gainsward Geforce MX400 64MB w/TV out
Hyundai L70-S LCD 17 " BLK/SLV
Windows XP pro
I sold 2 systems made over $ 450 profit from each .
After limited warranty anything does happen to , rarely .
We do n't have to worry about this promise because quality parts with 3 year warranties rarely .
Also you prefer an intel system as we are Intel AMD partners , add $ 150 my systems will still out-perform stand above any Dell system .
There are quality Leading technology computer companies out there you put some effort into the search .
you are foolish have the opportunity to pay those Dell upgrades .
of PAYING for it , INVEST a more custom system .
you break the $ 1000 dollar investment range , companies like ours will kick the crap out of any Dell quote for price , quality , performance .
Any company , who puts so much effort into marketing , needs it to sell low quality products .
I truly do mind making lots of money off of Dell service work .
But the complaints are really over-whelming .
I really like to recommend K-y vaseline tell Whiny Dell owners to accept the inevitable .
Bend over take Dell like a......
I have to truly applaud Dell for their sales abilities .
you are willing to Invest $ 1500 dollars , You have a great entry to mid level system .
However , It will be a Dell .
in my opinion I several of the silent majority as well .
individuals who are to embarrassed to admit they like they flushed their money down the toilet .
I hate seeing the pain on clients faces , when they enter our store with yet another fairly new Dell .
" Please fix it , I ca n't get any help from Dell . "" I 'm
tired of being on the phone for what like hours with someone truly unhelpful . "" Yes ,
I do have a service /warranty contract , little good it does me . ""It 's
even 6 months old , why the hell is it working . "
" How much to fix it ? ?" the Dell pain goes on on .
Now riddle me this .
your sales people were super friendly helpful about selling a pile of crap they still work for you ?
Of course Dell sales is exceptional .
With as much money as Dell puts into Marketing TV , It is wonder people follow their animals around the yard .
Scooping up something to hide in a colorful , fancy wrapper .
calling it a Dimension , whatever .
There is always someone who will buy it .
Dells suck .
Until the upgrades enhancements come into play .
Then you have been better off researching local references .
The most entertaining thing is to see reviews from people who have owned their Dells for less than 3-4 months .
Please ....Any intelligent person put together a system make it like the latest , fastest , coolest rocket ship .
Wait until you own it more than the return period closer to expired warranties .
Experience some Dell .
Than write your reviews .
hopefully , also weed out some of the Dell employees who are obligated to write reviews .
you like large names fancy marketing , buy a gateway system .
Have someone with experience do an install with pro version .
It 's on the internet you really want it .
You will enjoy a lot less stress aggravation .
research some local companies their references .
Be smart Be happy .
Desperately in need of new cookware , I added Farberware to my Christmas
list a few years ago .
I wanted something that last wear well .
To my surprise I received two sets of cookware , one Farberware Classic the other a brand I 'd heard of called Meyer Bella Cuisine .
Both are stainless steel .
While I have enjoyed using the Farberware , I find that the other brand is heavier nicer to use .
For the most part I have put my Farberware away .
The Farberware is thinner just feels of lesser quality when you handle it .
Considering the expense that this brand costs , check out other brands .
You find better quality for less money
you like washing dishes all of the time , this cookware set is for you .
Yes , they cook great they are classics , before the turn of the century !
Do n't buy you cook low fat meals as you use oil to keep everything from sticking .
You wash in the dishwasher use metal tools , but I bought non-stick skillets because I was tired of scrubbing soaking before I put them in the dishwasher .
My mom told me the other day that she had a set that she bought before I was born ( 1950's ) I do n't remember ever seeing them .
They are great for frying browning foods but do yourself a favor purchase some additional non-stick cookware too .
An All-Clad Stainless Steel Set is worth its weight in gold , though you consider it about as costly , it is well worth the investment .
It is truly a "guilty pleasure " when considering the price you pay in respect to the delights it holds , once you get it out of the box onto your range .
You do n't have to take a chance on All-Clad .
, you put trust in it ( along with your food ) for all of your cooking needs .
Mismatched , Bargain Basement , Re-Gifted Cookware Steels Me for Making a Decision ( a " Going out of Business " Sale Makes It Easier )
I began my kitchen career ( I am an amateur ) at my mother 's elbow .
It looked beautiful , my mother 's cooking was always delicious .
Well , now I know my mom is really good , because I got my set of Revereware ( from her Dad as a wedding gift ) I used it for years , scraping scrubbing at scorched spots , soaking slaving over baked-on scraps generally wondering how she managed to keep her cookware looking good , wondering even more how she turned out great food .
I supplemented my Revereware with odds ends from sales at department stores sometimes received gifts from good-intentioned givers . . .
finding a card in the wrappings to the giver from someone else is quite an interesting occurrence .
Nice , uh . . .
?
I used it , but I did enjoy it .
a good thing for someone who loves to cook experiment with ingredients recipes .
How All-Clad Slipped into My Cabinets
Okay , I 'll admit it .
My first All-Clad purchase was a big one ( set-wise ) .
A local kitchen store advertised a closing sale , I went to look at the leftovers .
there was a 9-Piece All-Clad Stainless set sitting in a corner for the rock bottom price of $ 275 .
At the time , I knew little about the pricing , but figured this was a pretty good deal ( what an understatement ! ) .
Turned out to be more than 50 % off of the retail price .
It 's always nice to have your guilty pleasure at cut-rate cost .
slip into my cabinet it did .
I was consumed with guilt for making the purchase , because Husband of Mine , as considerate as he is , sees logic in spending hundreds of dollars on pots pans .
Do n't we already have some ?
They work , do n't they ?
This question does apply in reverse , when that his sports card collection grows in leaps bounds "do n't 'we ' already have one of that guy ? "
How it be a guilty pleasure you do n't use it ?
Heck , I found pleasure in simply knowing it was there knowing it make a difference in my kitchen . . .
also , I removed a piece two to admire "practice " while the " Cat " was away . . .
Revealing the Objects/NNPS of My Guilt
The for unveiling my guilty pleasure was rather last-minute , the 9-Piece All-Clad Stainless set just to present itself in filling out the menu .
I made use of every single one of the nine pieces for this fabulous dinner , it was fabulous for several reasons , including the finished product , which I 'll detail as I go along .
I turned up the flame under the 10 " Fry Pan to pan-fry the breaded chicken filets for this dish .
When I dropped a bit of water into the pan droplets jumped out , I added the filets watched them brown nicely , evenly expertly . . .
all I had to do was turn them once watch .
The pan "let go " of the food easily ( pre-heating helps this effect -- better than non-stick ) .
When I did touch the handle to remove the pan from the heat it was still room temperature , after almost 15 minutes on medium-high heat , thanks to the stay-cool handle .
I 'm surprised I remembered to continue with the remaining elements of the meal , as awed as I was with this experience .
Into the oven with the 10 " Fry Pan to keep warm ( All-Clad stainless is oven-safe , lids , too! ) .
I found that medium-low heat kept the water at a simmer , just on this side of boiling .
The 3-Quart Saut챕 Pan w/Lid expertly saut챕ed onion , celery , green pepper garlic for the thick sauce Husband has come to with this meal .
In order to simmer reduce the sauce a bit , knowing I was on the clock , I made use of the wide , flat expanse of the saut챕 pan rather than a larger pot requiring more cooking time for the same results .
Right ?
The sauce simmered nicely , uncovered on low .
A stir now then was all the work .
scorching , hot spots , just thickening sauce .
Ten minutes before serving dear Husband of Mine " The Meal" , I popped the pasta in the pot let it roll . . . the only down side to this piece of equipment is that I did have a pasta insert ( still do n't . . .
maybe soon ? ) !
Now , because Husband of Mine is n't always the most observant of men notice the gleaming All-Clad on the stove top when passing through the kitchen to the dining room , I made use of the 3-Quart Casserole w/lid( 8 " X 3" ) on this occasion as a serving piece -- layering pasta , sauce , chicken cheese in it , placing the lid on delivering it to the table as a functional centerpiece .
Also , I needed a " story-starter " to introduce the newest additions to our family .
Well , dear Husband made his way to the table , sat , looked over the offering before him .
Nothing .
I removed the lid from the casserole . . . the shining , stainless , brand-new All-Clad casserole , adding a flourish cocking the lid against the salt pepper shakers so that my mate see his reflection in it he so desired .
Still nothing .
We went about filling our plates I tried to be nonchalant .
Clearly I pulled it off , because aside from a comment about how much he enjoys Chicken Parmesan , Husband of Mine to notice a thing was his usual silent self .
Toward the last few bites , he did say , " This is really good .
it 's always good . .
but this is better . "
That 's all I needed to hear .
How Much Did We Save ?
Weeks later -- months , actually , after enjoying the company of my 9-Piece All-Clad Stainless set in the kitchen , turning out better-than-before versions of everything in my repertoire only easier but with a completely different more controlled in the process , Husband noticed the 3-Quart Saut챕 Pan w/Lid .
He walked into the kitchen as I put together my " Saturday Scramblette " ( it changes names , depending on the day of the week ) , stopped in his tracks said ,
" When did we get that ? "
" Months ago , " I replied innocently .
" Oh .
How much did we save on this particular purchase ? " he returned , a little snidely .
He continued on his way , asked again .
I confused him impressed him .
I want to know which , I 'll have to divulge my SECRET to him , I wo n't have this guilty pleasure to hold dear any longer .
I 'll Let You in On the SECRET
All-Clad stainless steel cookware is many things in the kitchen : solid , high-performance , sturdy , oven-proof , versatile , beautiful .
Hide it you have to hang it on a rack for all to see -- which I my long , narrow kitchen allow it .
I wonder local contractors have ever planned kitchens around cookware before ?
The stay-cool ( they do stay cool on the stove top ) handles are double-riveted to the sides of each piece , as are handles on the lids , each piece ( pot , skillet pan -- any piece that rest on a heat source ) is of three-ply construction : a core of aluminum ( to conduct even , lasting heat ) coated on both sides by polished stainless steel for beauty , ease of cleaning non-reactivity with all foods .
Everything about this cookware says " solid " .
the lids ( one for each pot pan for the 10 " skillet in this set ) are made of solid stainless steel , too .
Great stuff , All-Clad .
when you lift a piece of it , you 'll know it .
The long , angled handles of the All-Clad sauce pan saut챕 pan balance perfectly with the weight of the pans themselves .
This means they have good "heft " .
I 'll vouch for that .
My Revereware had heft , at the most , unmeasurable heft -- meaning that anytime I filled a pot with food , I had to do some work to hold the pot at the right angle to keep from spilling it when moving from the stove to the table counter .
I get enough strength in my forearms to cart food-laden vessels with handles around the kitchen clutching the handle with two hands gripping the other side of the pot none-too-gracefully .
Large pieces , like the 3-quart saut챕 pan offer a loop handle opposite the long handle , for carrying convenience .
Nice touch , very helpful , especially when pouring sauce from the pan to a platter bowl .
Cleaning ?
Secrets Here
free to place All-Clad Stainless in the dishwasher , you prefer , as I do , hand wash it in the sink .
Regular dishwashing liquid a soft cloth will work just fine .
only do you need them , they will dull the finish of the cookware .
you find a trouble spot , want to polish up your All-Clad set to its original luster , break out a of " Bar Keeper 's Friend " ( BKF) .
It works like magic ( removes rust , you have any rust-prone gadgets in your kitchen -- All-Clad WON'T rust ! ) .
you accidentally leave a pot pan on the heat too long come back to a scorched panful of food , empty what you , fill the pot with water a few teaspoonfuls of baking soda set the water to boil .
Allow a full boil for a few minutes the scorched food come away from the pan quite easily .
kidding .
This happened to me when making a boiled icing base a few years ago .
I doubted that blackened flour milk give up easily , but the mess literally peeled away from the sides bottom of the pan with this method .
Though Husband of Mine is enlightened about All-Clad , he does n't buy it .
He does n't cook , so he ca n't appreciate the comparison between my old cookware All-Clad , he does n't purchase pieces for me because he does n't know what price is good what piece be best to add next .
I 've offered to make him a list , in order of "need " . . .
His unwillingness to supply my guilty pleasure lets me still " secretive " about All-Clad , going about admiring pieces in stores with a wistful look a hopeful gleam in my eye . . .
What will make it 's way , under wraps , to my kitchen remains to be seen , but rest assured , it will be nothing short of All-Clad .
Time Kitchen Tested Guilty-Pleasure-Enjoying Mom Approved .
~~Saturday Scramblette~ ~
Serves 4-6
roll sausage , browned drained
oil
4 medium russet potatoes , washed cubed
1 medium onion , chopped
2 cloves garlic , minced
1/2 green pepper , chopped ( optional )
1/2 - 1 c.
water
1-1/2 c. grated cheddar cheese
8 eggs , beaten
Heat the All-Clad 3-quart Saut챕 Pan over medium-high flame .
Add sausage brown , breaking it into bite-sized pieces .
Drain fat remove sausage to side bowl .
Add potatoes to the skillet with the oil , browning lightly on all sides .
Salt pepper to taste .
Just before finished , add onion saut챕 with potatoes .
Add garlic pepper ( opt. ) , saut챕 until tender .
Add enough water to make ingredients moist .
Cover reduce heat to cook potatoes through scorching ( medium to low ) .
Add salt pepper to taste .
Fold eggs cheese into the mixture continue to fold until eggs are set .
Serve hot with toast , biscuits bagels .
Excellent reheated .
ENJOY !
All-Clad Stainless Steel Fry Pans hold a place of high esteem in my cooking endeavors .
Superb skillets/fry pans . . .
doubt , question contest !
Time : for coffee
A gleam of sorts , almost like a lightning flash , off to one side at the back of one of the long , church supper tables set up for flea-marketing fanatics ( do n't look at me ! ) .
Maybe you 've felt that surge of adrenalin as you hurdle your small child ( someone else 's ) in effort to beat the imagined crowd thronging to the object of your desire , then halt suddenly , about four steps from the object try to act casual ?
Me ? I do n't remember what I did , it all happened so fast .
about $ 125 ) .
quibbling , I did n't even ask for a bag !
My First Experience with All-Clad Stainless Steel Fry Pans
since they do n't have a club .
I 'd display them on a rack my kitchen move over make room for one .
This pan came into my kitchen to two other All-Clad Stainless Steel Fry Pans as the bottom of the stack , the " pan " of the bunch , the "big gun " of the All-Clad Stainless Steel Fry Pan line .
It also supports my efforts in cooking to such a degree that I have tossed my copper-bottomed RevereWare pans into my own yard saleable items box .
Oh , , like its smaller siblings , the 12 " All-Clad Stainless Steel Fry Pan does a little sizzling on the stove top some undercover work in the oven , too !
Paying a Premium Price for Premium Performance
All-Clad is expensive .
That 's secret , but it is often a drawback to regular people , from the everyday cook to the every-so-often gourmet .
one wants to put forth this number of greenbacks they do n't have to , but every now then , someone gets curious bites the stainless steel .
Lucked out on a 7-piece set at the price of one pan when a nearby store closed .
How 's that for a sign ?
All-Clad , even as a " second " (visual , surface flaws only , such as scratches/nicks ) , All-Clad Stainless Steel is second-skimmings .
Let the Cooking Commence !
I have already test-driven the 12 " All-Clad Stainless Steel Fry Pan , knowing full well what performance I 'd get after years of using it 's 10 " 7 " Stainless siblings .
Saut챕ing browning is a snap with the All-Clad Stainless Steel Fry Pans .
In any of the three skillets ( fry pans ) I own , I just heat a few puddles of oil until they smoke , add the food to the pan , turn down the heat to medium-high ( gas range ) stand back to watch the results , returning now then to stir , turn simply admire the results .
I much prefer the All-Clad Stainless Steel Fry Pans to my non-stick pans for saut챕ing browning because the difference in them is amazing .
The stainless works with the moisture in the food better , sealing the outside of the food steaming away excess moisture with mouth-watering results .
Something about the non-stick pans causes the same foods to be a bit more dry .
I attribute this to the ability of the stainless surface to "hold " the food until it has cooked away enough moisture to "let go" , while with non-stick cookware we 'd ask for a refund the pan "held " the food .
I reserve the non-stick for eggs over-easy omelettes .
, All-Clad Lifetime Warranty
, Little chance of burning/scorching (unless you leave the pan on high , unattended , for an unreasonable length of time -- you ca n't miracles , even from miraculous cookware )
, Cooking performance like you 've experienced before .
you 're a good cook , All-Clad Stainless Steel Fry Pans make you a great cook , you 'll the difference .
, Looks are n't everything , but you 'll see looks of longing by others toward your All-Clad Stainless Steel Fry Pans as they note the gorgeous , stainless sparkle on your stove top , hanging from hooks , peeking from your cabinets ( you have to stow them , as I do ) .
, Above-average customer service for questions , advice where to purchase
, Durability far beyond what you 've enjoyed with cookware before .
That , in slightly-skewed acrostic form , is ALL-CLAD.
Add to that list the stay-cool handles how you miss ?
All-Clad Stainless Steel Fry Pans are oven-safe , though the stay-cool handles will get hot in the oven .
The "do n't wash a dish by hand unless you have to ( want to ) " motto I uphold is quite satisfied by the oven-safe aspect of All-Clad Stainless Steel Fry Pans .
One pan to wash !
The " Clad " in All-Clad Stainless Steel Fry Pans
Every All-Clad Stainless Steel Fry Pan , matter the size , offers these things :
, an aluminum core for dependable , even heating
, stainless steel surrounding the aluminum from top to bottom , side to side all the way to the end of the handle .
fillers , coatings , just SOLID stainless steel
, highly polished finish , that with proper care will look pretty much like the day you bought it after every cleaning
, gimmicks , teasers , empty promises -- just good , solid , built-to-last cookware
Another solid part of your All-Clad Stainless Steel Fry Pan is the customer service you 'll find via e-mail .
" canned " answers , but a real live person with a name to answer your questions !
I used the e-mail service about 5 hours after making my first All-Clad purchase . . .
A rainbow . . .
horror of horrors !
I have felt so awed by them before this unexpected encounter .
I I have used something out of the ordinary to clean it ( Dawn dish liquid a dish cloth ) , but learned , through the quick ( within hours ) customer service reply , that the "rainbow effect " often occurs after the first few uses then does n't return .
it 's that unsightly in your beholding eyes , sprinkle on a bit of Bar-Keeper 's Friend , a bit of water polish in small , circular motions . . .
the bloom is back on the rose !
That has been my worst "problem " with All-Clad Stainless Steel Fry Pans any other All-Clad product .
Yes , but I do n't go that route .
This is a big deal , as I abhor doing dishes by hand .
In the case of cookware , I want to be sure any residue comes off the surface , including grease that sometimes does n't come off gets baked on in the dishwasher .
A hand-washing of my All-Clad Stainless Steel Fry Pans wo n't kill me , I get better results in the end .
Regular liquid detergent a soft cloth sponge are all you need to clean the All-Clad Stainless Steel Fry Pans . . .
water .
As far as harsh scrubbers ( SOS pads , Brillo , other steel-based cleaning items ) , the company does n't recommend using them , I avoid them anyway .
you use one of these things to wash your car ?
A plastic scrubbing pad works well , Bar Keeper 's Friend really is a friend , to many other products besides All-Clad Stainless Steel Fry Pans !
Do n't Settle for Substitutes
you really are in the market for excellent cookware are willing to fork over the cash to pay full price pay a bit less wait for a great sale ( a lot less go the " seconds " route ) , All-Clad Stainless Steel Fry Pans make a wonderful investment .
Over time , they will pay for themselves in the more-than-palateable results you get from them .
I longer look at any other lines of stainless steel cookware -- a big deal for a bargain shopper such as myself .
After all , I shop at flea markets , do n't I ?
What a beautiful set !
By far , this is the best cookware set I 've ever purchased .
A tough competitor to , better value than Calphalon 's Stainless .
The special characteristics of this Farberware line is the combination of 18/10 stainless with a mirror-like luster , a Cooper base long , riveted handles .
Our new stove has high stovetop grates was adding too much time to cooking ( pasta water took 1/2 hour to boil ) .
We decided on FMCC for the good Farberware reputation , because it offered copper with an aluminum core ( called " clad " ) .
Our FMCC set delivers as promised - even cooking a noticeable shorter cooking time ( pasta water is back to where I was : 12-15 min boil ) .
Cooking is back to a pleasure .
The Copper bottom will require some maintenance you want to retain the beauty .
I have n't had the set long enough to see how the mirror-like finish will stand up .
Matching stainless lids are cast with a recessed rim for good steaming basting .
Lids are included on most pieces so you wo n't have to scramble to find a retrofit open stock piece .
Farberware went the extra mile included nice long handles that are elegantly riveted .
A simple Fleur de lis pattern at the rivets is a lovely detail .
This collection is suitable from oven-to-stovetop so you go from the cook top to oven keep food warm last minute .
Baking/browning is also though I bake in them myself .
Clean up is good too !
Our new home has very hard water making all cleanup a chore I 'm used to .
My Calphalon stainless is a nuisance to keep clean within warranty .
Unlike Calph , this Farberware set has the recessed rim in the lid which is far more manageable in the sink .
, everything goes in your dishwasher , pop your FMCC in - it 's safe !
The tips included are thorough very friendly , unlike the competition .
There are 2 sets to choose from : 8 10 pieces .
- The 8 piece had a 1.5 3 QT sauce/steamer combo , 6 QT stock pot all with rim-fitted covers , a 10 " open saute ( have loved a lid here too ) .
- The 10 piece set adds a 12 " covered skillet w/ helper handle , but substitutes an 8 qt .
covered stockpot w/ steamer insert for the 6 QT stock pot , a 2 QT sauce for the 1.5 sauce .
of the substitions are available in open stock so I 'm short the 2 QT saucepan- my preferred size for everyday .
Farberware comes with a lifetime warranty , it has always been a "no-questions-asked " replacement policy !
I have killed a few Farberware percolators in my day ( on 15 hrs/day ) .
But , when I felt it warranted replacement , my percolator was replaced - quickly .
Farberware was sold off to a few years ago to Salton* I have had a replacement issue since .
I their past protocol remains .
*( Salton( R ) , George Foreman( TM) , Toastmaster( R ) , Breadman( R ) , Juiceman( R ) , Juicelady( R ) , White-Westinghouse( R ) , Farberware( R ) , Melitta( R ) , Welbilt( R ) , Aircore( R ) , Russell Hobbs( R ) , Tower( R ) , Haden( R ) Pifco( R ) .
I 'm hoping they add saucepans more to open stock soon .
Overall , I 'm thrilled !
I bought this pan the two-quart saucepan a saute pan in the same line when I first upgraded my cookware .
I found that they all performed well .
They are heavier than most mass-market cookware , make good contact with the electric burner , they cook with quick , even heat compared to the lighter mass-market items .
Though I 'd wished I had them in my old pans , the pouring spout was a nice touch .
In all , this was a nice pan to use when it was new .
It was n't long , however , before my cooking style left its mark on these pans , literally .
I knew to use a metal spoon in the non-stick pans , so I used plastic wooden spoons .
Still , the non-stick surfaces of the saucepans are scratched enough that they are n't as non-stick as they used to be .
The saute pan has fared better with the use of plastic rubber spatulas , only occaisional plastic wooden spoons .
Lastly , hot oil stains the outside finish of these pans .
Cleanup requires some care , too .
While the interior of the pans is easy to clean , being non-stick , you still remember to use the scouring side of the sponge on the interior , according to the instructions .
Note that the Kitchen Essentials line is Calphalon 's best line the professional lines are more durable .
I ca n't recommend non-stick sauce pans , however , the annodized exterior finish of the Kitchen Essentials non-stick line is difficult to keep looking good .
Do your sauces stick to your stainless aluminum pans ?
, you do n't need non-stick sauce pans .
Note that the hot spots you get with thin , steel pans that cause some food to burn stick be the fault of uneven cooking , heat that is too high , necessarily the surface of the pan .
Uneven heat is solved with better , heavier pans .
They do n't necessarily need to be non-stick .
I still use the saute pan to cook felafel patties similar oil , but the sauce pans have been replaced with tri-ply pans with stainless steel cook surfaces exterior finishes .
They 've proven to be much more durable easier to clean .
I say I am underwhelmed , considering how much they cost .
-- Cool things about the pots 'n pans :
*/SYM Glass lids !
When cooking , I want to check the status of the food often the glass lids are a simple but amazingly effective feature .
*/SYM The handles do n't get hot when the pots are .
*/SYM Very sturdy .
You ca n't knock it off the stove accidentally , nothing you do to these pots is going to damage them ( well , use metal utensils in them :-)
-- so cool things about the pots 'n pans :
I have to use two hands to move the larger saucepan when it 's full of water .
*/SYM dishwasher safe .
I 've long been one of those people who says " Hey , why bother scrubbing pots we have a dishwasher , so what we only fit 4 things in before having to reload . . " so I 've found this to be a fairly big drawback .
*/SYM You ca n't use metal utensils in them - I 'm lazy , I used to grab a spoon from the silverware drawer to stir .
Now I have to use an actual *gasp* plastic wooden spoon .
*/SYM Cost .
So overall , I 'm sure the calphalons are great for professional cooks who are constantly making things that require these heavy duty pots pans ( the same type of person who pays someone else to wash the dishes ) , but for the average joe it 's worth it .
I 'd rather buy a set at target replace it every year for the convenience of being able to put them in the dishwasher their lighter construction .
The glass lids is the one feature that keeps me using the calph 's , so I ever find a cheaper , lighter , dishwasher safe set with glass lids . .
I have one piece of All-Clad .
About a year ago , I needed a pretty pot that I set out on a buffet table .
Rather than buy something decorative I decided to buy something functional but great looking user-friendly .
I fell in love with their Paella Pan .
I 'm hardly an expert chef , but you 'd hardly know it from the way people raved about my dish the great looking presentation my All-Clad Paella Pan made .
Everyone knows I 'm a big fan of stainless-steel cookware in general , but you are going to spend the money , you as well get the best .
Do n't even of throwing money away on Calphalon .
In the department stores , the Calphalon hard anodized pieces just look plain ugly--a mess waiting to happen , with that anodized residue .
They look like half-done pieces of pottery that have already been burnt .
Is this a look you want in your kitchen everyday , for special occasions ?
Do you want hard-anodizing to come off on your food ?
It certainly came off on my finger when I ran my hand across the Calphalon in the department store !
I 'm saving my pennies , but in the meantime , fire , flood , earthquake strikes ; the one article from my home that I will make sure to save is my All-Clad paella pan .
I got this popper for a Christmas gift last year it has been one of my favorite items since .
It consists of an aluminum pan with a snap on top .
the top has 2 flaps with steam vents a handle .
The handle turns a stirrer that is attached to the bottom of the lid .
It is entirely aluminum , feels sturdy cleans up very easily .
It comes out light fluffy , very tasty .
Using this popper I actually make popcorn in shorter time than using a microwave .
It is cheaper , better tasting faster ...what are you waiting for ! ! Go buy one right now .
I got mine from www.popcornpopper.com
along with some of their gourmet popcorn real theater popping oil .
I received a Smoothie Elite as a Christmas gift was mildly appreciative of the gesture , but needed a blender , so I did n't return it .
After using it once , I figured out it replace a true blender in my kitchen .
Now it 's just a prop at my bar .
What does "mix " " smooth " mean anyway ? ! Give me high low we 're talking .
56 ounce / 7 cup capacity is quite sufficient .
Unique stir stick breaks up air pockets , increases mixing efficiency .
But this thing is a nuisance - just gets in the way .
I usually just keep the alternate removable lid center on it .
The dispenser valve serves smoothies a mess , but keeps on serving when you do n't want it to .
From day 1 the valve dripped onto the counter after using it once .
It 's difficult to clean , as well .
You have to disassemble the entire valve - a 15-minute ordeal .
The base is oversized bulky .
The owner 's manual using a dishwasher to clean .
Great...so much for convenience !
I love to cook fancy , gourmet dishes , but my pots pans were always "fast food " quality .
I bought the 9 piece set a few years ago it 's been one of my better purchases .
I did n't want anything that required lots of care fussing - these DON'T ! !
I throw them in the dishwasher then throw them in a messy pile in my cabinet the still look new ! !
I have burned sauces in them they 've cleaned right up with little effort scouring .
For really stubborn stuff , an overnight soak is sufficient then it rinses right out .
The manufacturers at All Clad caution to use salt in the pan first adding some kind of liquid - I 'm imagining that the chemical reaction of the salt pit discolor the pan .
I use both metal plastic tools they both work fine do n't to cause any serious scratching .
These pans only look professional stylish , they are also very well-made .
They comfortable in your hand the handles do n't get very hot .
The skillet is a fairly standard size , but is nice in that it has a little handle opposite the long one , giving you something to hold on to when pouring .
Foods , such as omelets , slide gracefully out of the sautee pan ( the only pan it 's own lid ) .
The larger saucepan gets a lot of use in my kitchen .
It 's big enough to boil 3 4 potatoes , most side dishes for a family of four .
The smallest saucepan is tall narrow fit perfectly on the smallest burner of your stove .
Because the entire bottom is making contact with the burner , the food sauces cooked in this pan heat up quickly .
I use it for soup those small pasta mix packages .
This smaller saucepan is perfect for hollandaise white sauce !
The photo is deceiving in that there is a spatula included in this set .
The photos is correct - you get 4 lids in this set !
I was worried about the lids at first .
These flat lids actually work much better at sealing in heat than my old cast iron type lids .
Additionally , they are easier to fit in the dishwasher cabinets because of their flat shape .
I have used a lot of cast iron pans ( swore by them ) in the past these are nearly as bulky hard to wash .
These pans are much , much easier to tip out sauces such than my cast iron pans .
They cost more than most , but are worth every penny ! !
more of those gosh darn non-sticks for me ! !
WORD OF WARNING : your guests see you pull out these professional-looking pans to cook , they 're going to big things out of you !
I guess it is only befitting that since I wrote a review about a potato masher that I write about the companion piece that usually goes along with it hand hand .
I had ground my old Ecco peeler in the garbage disposal by accident needed something to replace it .
I saw the Oxo 7.25 " Steel Swivel Peeler hanging on the display I give it a try .
The Oxo 7.25 " Steel Swivel Peeler says it is made of steel but there is a major difference between it the Ecco .
That makes your peeling time less your hands more comfortable nearly as fatigued .
you are looking for something shiney like the Ecco then I that you stick with Ecco as this peeler is n't it .
It has brushed steel so that leaves the shine out .
The blade itself it made of steel has rusted on me like the Ecco .
I like that a lot since I am having to replace what to be like very other month , in fact I have replaced the Oxo 7.25 " Steel Swivel Peeler since I bought it over a year ago .
When looking at the Oxo 7.25 " Steel Swivel Peeler you will see that the blade has a elongated hole right down the middle of it .
On side of the hole there is a blade that you use so that makes it nice for people that are left handed right handed .
Now the Oxo 7.25 " Steel Swivel Peeler is n't just for potatoes , you use it for cucumbers , carrots , zucchini , apples , peaches whatever fruit vegetable that is firm has a very thin skin .
Another thing I like the Oxo 7.25 " Steel Swivel Peeler is you make chocolate curles for cakes cupcakes by running the blade down the side of a piece of baking chocolate that has been chilled .
you are one of these people that prefers to hang thing of placing them in the drawer then you are in luck .
The Oxo 7.25 " Steel Swivel Peeler does have a hole in the handle for this purpose .
I usually just place mine in the drawer when the dishwasher is too full I slip the handle over one of the spindles in the dishwasher let it hang so that way I get it good clean .
The clean up is easy , like I said above , just place in the dishwasher slip into the drawer when done .
Thanks for reading .
I received one 1.5 qt pot from the Farberware Millennium Stainless Steel Copper clad line .
It was purchased at a discount home outfitter .
I used to work in the housewares dept of a large department store so I know what one look for in cookware .
Here is why this is an excellent line some things that prevent it from being perfect .
The interior is a high polish interior ( read : very shiny , almost mirror-like ) .
The handles are riveted on so they are much sturdier than they had been electro-welded on ( this is how handles on most pots are affixed ) .
The copper bottom allows for even heat distribution across the bottom of the pot .
Copper also heats up very quickly .
The pot is also a decent weight , it 's durable but too heavy to use .
There are many things that seriously need to be improved on this pot .
The lid be a little more tight-fitting , in my opinion a little bit too much steam ( heat ) is able to escape .
The handles , which are all metal , have gotten very hot in my experience but they do become warm so these are n't the best pots for young children to learn how to cook with .
I have preferred a " capped " bottom ( when the conductive metal , aluminum copper is sandwiched between the stainless steel pot a stainless steel " cap" ) but that I my preference is a personal one , I do n't it have done anything to improve the pot .
Cleaning this pot is super easy but I warn people to take care to overfill the pot .
the food level goes above the rivets for the handles , it become harder to clean around the rivets .
Dear Calphalon 짰
We regret to inform you of the demise of your product .
you know , the one who throws everything into the dishwasher .
I do n't complain about this chore , it 's the hand washing that bothers me .
I mean , why have a dishwasher you ca n't wash the dishes in it .
I tell you , this has been the subject of many conversations in our house .
In the dishwasher with you , I muttered .
; ;
" Honey , did you put this pot in the dishwasher ? "
This was the first that maybe ; just maybe I was busted .
" Give me a minute , I need to see a man about a horse " There , that stall her , take a magazine in with me .
Grunt;..read;finished;flush ;..wash;..Open door
you like to see why I asked you to put it in ?
It was n't the peeled beaded non-stick surface that bothered me , it was the look in her eyes , like I had just eaten the last Reese 's miniature asking her she wanted it first .
I will admit , this cookware was fantastic , I mean , nothing stuck to it .
It has a nice weight , attractive in appearance truth be told , hand cleanup is a breeze ( of course , she is the one who washes ?
it ) .
At least it was , now it just takes up space .
You see , I am afraid to use it now .
I just do n't like to see disappointment in her eyes , I am stuck using the same three pots , over over over .
I recommend this product to the household that does own a dishwasher , the single female .
In closing , Mrs. Calphalon짰 , please take comfort in the fact that your product performed above beyond the call of duty , I was proud to serve ( carrots , spinach even potatoes ) with it .
I be of further assistance , free to contact me .
Until then , I am sincerely Yours Briansdad Dept . of Destructio
It all started some 20 years ago .
My dad bought his mother-in-law , my Nana , a big shiny fry pan .
It was a smart buy then , remains one today .
That big sucker of a fry pan somehow ended up in my house along the way .
It now hangs prominently in my kitchen .
When I first got married , I made a HUGE mistake .
At the time , the buzz word in kitchen must-haves was Calphalon .
I received a whole set of those pots pans , quickly grew to hate them .
The pans pitted from accidental cycles in the dishwasher , the handles were very hot awkward .
Utilitarian does n't have to equal ugly .
Once I threw out my last Calphalon , I knew that All-Clad had my business .
The company did n't have to wow me with flashy ads , I did n't have to read any reviews ( gasp ) .
As long as the new generation had the same heft same workmanship as my old one , I was sold .
Just as Good as the Relic
I have owned my 9 piece set of All-Clad stainless for a year now .
As I had hoped , the shiny stainless exterior has a mirror like finish that comes out of the dishwasher looking glorious , unlike the Calphalon , has n't deteriorated ( pitted ) in any way .
I know I have n't had the set for that long , but I do n't the same troubles that I had with my Calphalon .
The composition is quite different .
My set included :
10 " Fry Pan
3 Quart Saute Pan with Lid
6 Quart Stock Pot with Lid - I love it .
Short fat .
From international-gourmet .net ....
" The Collection features a magnetic stainless exterior that is safe for both conventional induction ranges .
The inner core is pure aluminum just at the bottom , but all the way up the sides .
All three layers are bonded together for optimum heat conductivity .
The long , stay-cool handles , non-corrosive rivets , sure-fitting lids are all of gleaming stainless . "
Short Story : Dishwasher safe
I did court the Copper version , but was worried about the upkeep of the material .
Copper needs to be polished retinned .
The LTD just wreaked of Calphalon .
It is n't dishwasher friendly .
The Master Chef has a brushed aluminum exterior that the glorious shiny appeal of the Stainless .
**Stainless it is .**
-dishwasher safe
-goes from range to oven thanks to heavy duty handles rivets ( try to do that with a plastic handled pot )
-mirror finish looks spectacular in a gourmet setting
-love the fit of the recessed lids
-heavy , yes , but any quality pot is .
HONEST.
These are grocery store quality throw-aways
Even 20 years later
Buy quality . **
P.S You still need one of those cheap throwaways for scrambled eggs .
Trust me on that one .
Eat , be merry .
GF
I went on a Calphalon Hard-Anodized Cookware a few years back .
The pots looked great .
They to say " the owner of these pots has class . "
However , after using them for a while , I went back to less-expensive non-stick cookware for most jobs .
you ca n't put them in the dishwasher--they 'll get white spots on them ( I tried with one small piece . )
However , the very heavy aluminum does work better for some purposes .
For example , I use my Calphalon when I 'm searing fish--I need to get the pan very hot first , the olive oil I 'm using ensures the fish wo n't stick .
Because the handles are metal , they heat up with the pot .
Only for special dishes which reqire a hot , smooth , evenly heated surface do I use the Calphalon .
Yes , Le Creuset is attractive , long lasting comes in a variety of lovely colors , are suitable for most heat sources .
However , as a classically trained chef manager of a cookshop , I that the disadvantages to owning it far outweigh the advantages .
It is obviously extremely heavy on it 's own any food in it , the price tag is quite hefty as well .
Furthermore , you happen to chip crack it in any way , having it re-enameled is as costly as replacing it .
Another problem ...what you decide to redecorate your kitchen it 's color scheme ?
I that you are far better off with stainless steel anodised cookware .
They be found in a variety of price ranges , suitable for all heat sources , fit in with all color schemes .
All-Clad is the best cookware I have ever used !
My wife I purchased our first All-Clad saucepan with a gift certificate we received when we were married .
Here is what the set we purchased contains :
, 10 " Non-stick Fry Pan
, 2 Quart Sauce Pan w/Lid
, 2 Quart Saute Pan w/Lid
, 6 Quart Stock Pot w/Lid
Things cook well , fast and evenly .
Following that rule , we have had a problem with sticking - matter the recipe .
Everything cooks easily , rapidly , clean up is breeze .
The full length handles get hot .
That being said , we managed to leave a lid on a hot burner one night .
Fortunately , my wife picked it up with an oven glove but it left a rather large amount of burned oven glove stuck to it .
Our All-Clad have taken a real beating since we purchased them .
We have used metal spoons , whisks , spatulas tools of all kinds .
Through it all , only have they continued to cook wonderfully , but they look good too
Let me start by making two things very clear .
I LOVE POPCORN I LOVE MY WHIRLEY POPCORN POPPER !
OK , I bought this popper about six months ago it was love at first batch .
This popcorn is GOOD !
It's so easy to make great popcorn with this popper .
you follow the simple directions that are included , you'll make flawless popcorn every time you use this popper .
That's right , more burnt popcorn almost more un-popped kernels .
This is a very high heat popper .
It's made of thin aluminum that conducts quickly .
The lid has four small incisions that allow steam to escape during popping .
This keeps the popcorn crisp prevents it from becoming too chewy .
During popping , this baby really gets hot it be used by children who have reached their teen years ( in my opinion ) .
There is a wooden for holding the popper it stays pretty cool at all times .
There are two small wooden knobs on each side of the lid that also stay pretty cool .
Now the thing that really helps this popper make great popcorn is the hand turned paddle .
At the end of the wooden pot handle there's a metal crank that has a small wooden knob on it .
When the first kernels of popcorn begin to pop , you have to slowly turn this crank .
This crank turns a gear driven , wire paddle inside of the popper .
The wire paddle ( wand ) keeps the popcorn moving prevents it from sticking to the bottom of the popper .
This prevents the popcorn from burning it gets ever kernel to contact the bottom pop .
It's really a very simple but effective mechanism .
There are several different methods of popping but a standard method is to put the oil in the popper then get it hot before adding the popcorn kernels .
The amount kind of oil to use is strictly dependant upon personal taste preference .
I have found a place locally that sells pre-packaged corn popping oil that works beautifully with this popper it 's delicious .
Corn popped in this popper is much better than microwave popcorn .
It's less greasy , preservatives , much healthier .
Pop up a batch , light up the big screen , pop in a good movie , it 's show time !
Oh , I forgot the Miller Light .
Can't forget that .
Clean up is very easy .
The popper lid snaps off the paddle comes out when the lid is removed .
One very minor thing to watch out for is ; you use a fair amount of oil to pop , very tiny droplets of hot oil do escape through the lid they sting your hand while you're turning the crank .
A cooking mitt some kind of hand protection be good , especially for anyone who has sensitive skin .
I decided on this brand because quite a number of professional chefs I know also have these pans in their home kitchens .
I was originally very impressed with the set loved the design heaviness .
After many uses I have now discovered several items worth mentioning to buyers .
, as I mentioned before , stylistically they are quite lovely to look at .
They add a touch of class to any kitchen .
A problem I have discovered have been greatly disappointed with is the heat retention conduction of the handles .
I have been burned several times now by grabbing on to the handles which to have been designed to avoid just such accidents .
I do n't know why this occurs but it is a hazard I have to constantly remember to grab a pot holder before grabbing the handle of the pan pot .
I do A LOT of cooking this is a huge problem for me .
I wrote an earlier opinion on non-stick cookware .
So I did some investigating on the interne , while some information did confirm this , one manufacturer of non-stick cookware addressed this concern by stating that nonstick cookware is extremely overheated ( as in unattended cookware ) the fumes be deadly to birds .
They also keeping your bird near the kitchen , because their respiratory systems are sensitive .
I am a health nut anyway , like to avoid breathing irritants like aerosol hairspray , fumes from some cleaning products , some scented candles , etc .
So I decided to replace my non-stick cookware .
Before I make any large purchases , I consider a new set of pots pans an investment a large purchase , I check out all the brands on the market .
I speak with people see what they use like , I read epinions !
I kept hearing how people loved their stainless steel pots pans .
I also got out my handy Consumer Reports Buying Guide ( I love these guys ! ) read what they had to say .
My main choices , I did n't want non-stick surfaces , were Commercial-style stainless steel , aluminum , copper , cast iron , tempered glass .
I also had previous experience with aluminum pans with copper bottoms , the copper was very difficult to keep shiny new looking I am wary about the connection between aluminum Alzheimers ( I wo n't even use deodorant with aluminum in it , why I cook with it ? )
That left stainless steel .
So I spoke with a wealthy friend who has the best of everything asked her what she cooks with ... walla ! ! - she uses LOVES stainless steel , with copper sandwiched between the layers of steel .
Which Brand of Stainless Steel I Buy
Very similar pans made by Kirkland were available through Costco , but I liked some features of the Cuisinart felt the brand name was reliable I were going to plan on using these pans for the next 30 years I had better find a company that will be around in 30 years ( in case something needed to be replaced , my collection added to , etc ) .
sizes ) all with lids , a skillet that uses the lid from one of the pots .
I plan on adding to it in the future .
In case you are n't aware of it , the lids are pieces of the cookware ... they are included in the set - this does come with 7 pots .
The set is 18/10 stainless steel .
The interior has a semi-mirror look to it .
The handles are welded onto the pots - they are very sturdy .
They be used in the oven , under the broiler , in the freezer are dishwasher safe .
They also come with a lifetime warranty .
Product registration is easy , you do it right online !
I absolutely love these pots pans .
It took me a little while to get used to them because I have to cook on a lower heat to avoid burning my food , but they cook wonderful .
The copper helps distribute the heat evenly quickly across the bottom surface , I have burned anything yet !
They are absolutely gorgeous to look at !
The handles have a nice in my hand .
I am proud to have them in my cupboards , good about cooking with a material that I is safer for my family .
They wash nicely in the dishwasher , but since we have hard water pots pans come out with spots on them , I choose to wash them by hand , I do n't even mind it !
They are MUCH heavier than the non-stick cookware I was using before !
This took a little getting used to as well , but I do n't mind , I know that the pans are very sturdy well built !
What I Do n't Like
There 's much I do n't like , but I say that the handles get hotter than the plastic ones I was used to using .
But that 's okay - I just use a potholder a towel ( I like Julia Child ) it is n't a problem at all .
They are a little harder to clean , but I use a plastic scrubbie with liquid dish soap they clean right up .
I do get something that resists cleaning , I add a little soap water to the pan let it sit on the stove top on a very low heat for a few minutes , this to help jump start the cleaning process .
I Do Not Regret This Purchase
They are beautiful last a lifetime .
I love to cook , like most , prefer to use highest quality tools for ease best results .
I was so happy to " step up " to Calphalon about five six years ago .
I did do any checking around ...the choice was made on the recommendation of friends who also are passionate amateurs .
Initially , I babied these pans , even though it a little odd that the choice of professional chefs require this kind of treatment .
I mean , any time I watch film footage of restaurant chefs , they are banging their stuff around like crazy .
Imagine a high volume restaurant dishwasher gently coddling a pan with Dormand low abrasive cleaner .
I , too , used the hideously expensive Dormand cleaner carefully stacked the pans in the cupboard with towels in between .
Had I been a little smarter at the time , I have demanded my money back on the spot .
They have been easy to clean .
They required a great deal of soaking gentle nylon abrasion over a day more something got really stuck .
I have been happy with the surface for sauteeing tasks ( although the heating is very even the pans sit nicely on the burner...the structural integrity is just wonderful ) .
After a few years , I gave up completely now we just stick them in the dishwasher .
Who cares ? ?
matter what we did , they to wear out anyhow .
After reading other Epinions , our next purchase will definitely be All-Clad stainless .
I recently received a heavy , multi-ply stainless steel griddle as a gift , am so happy with its performance .
Thanks for reading I this helps you in your decision .
I was really skeptical about putting non-stick cookware on our wedding resgistry ; I worried burnt food create a permanent layer on the pan I 'd have to call my omelettes scrambled eggs .
After all , is n't that why they invented teflon-coated cookware in the first place ?
Even though , my husband convinced me to get the Cuisinart Everyday Stainless 7-Piece Cookware Set .
The 7 pieces are - two saucepanes ( one small , one large ) , a skillet , a saucepot -- then there are three covers , one cover does double duty .
Anyhow , my husband cooks better than I do he also pointed out that Emeril a lot of KPBS cooks use the very same stainless pans .
OK , I was sold .
I have fallen in love with my Cuisinart Everyday Stainless 7-Piece Cookware Set ! First off , the pots pans are gorgeous ; professional , highly polished steel with lids that are partially glass so you monitor what 's going on inside .
The lids are functional too-- they fit tightly over the pots .
They 're so cool-looking that they 're designed for hanging -- like little pieces of kitchen art .
My omelettes looked so good .
I also like the handles , which are rounded sheets of stainless ( on giant pot , which are more like little solid pipes ) .
They 're comfortable to hold on to get hot .
Sure , it 's quite as easy as cleaning a teflon pan , but it 's a far cry from scrubbing with an industrial strength scrub pad .
I usually wash them by hand because I use them so much but you put them in the dishwasher you want to .
The pots pans are attractive , heat evenly , are easy to clean , everytime I use them , I pretend like I 'm professional chef on TV .
Sometimes , when noone 's around , I even explain what I 'm doing .
I create gourmet food , but with these pans , I like I am !
After using it for a few months , I take issue with the manufacturer 's claim that it is non-stick .
It is more non-stick than a pan with a finely polished stainless steel surface (eg , All-Clad ) .
Cleaning the pan will often entail the use of stainless steel scouring pad ( provided with the pan ) a fair amount of energy .
I like to toss fast-cooking vegetables in the pan , to ensure they do n't burn .
Mind you , the pan is very heavy , so shaking it is quite aerobic , for those of you who do n't exercise enough .
On the plus side , its heft to contribute to its even cooking .
When I got married my mother bought me a set of Revere Ware my mother-in-law bought me a set of Farberware .
Each swore up down that their choice was the best set of dishes on earth .
Well after 4 years of testing , I have to say that my choice is Revere Ware !
Second , I dropped a Farberware pan once it cracked in the rim .
Third , I dropped my farberware skillet revere ware skillet one day while cleaning .
Fourth , I found that the Revere Ware heats through faster more evenly .
My recommendation to anyone who wants a durable long lasting set of pots pans - that they choose Revere Ware .
My mother has been using her pots for 26 years .
They look great work wonderfully !
October is national popcorn month , but popcorn rocks year round .
My family ate popcorn all the time when I was growing up , my boys I continue that family tradition .
Over the years , I've used owned all kinds of popcorn contraptions from the yellow plastic air popper to the metal one that you poke in the fireplace .
The hands-down BEST popcorn popper is Whirley Pop .
Taste is really the key when you get down to it .
Although microwave popcorn is quick easy , it has a heavy non-natural taste .
Stovetop old metal poppers make decent popcorn , but you have to stay on top of things you end up with burned corn .
I make a good pan of skillet corn , but it takes some doing .
Don't even get me started on the air poppers .
That stuff be used far packing boxes .
My review of the Presto is at www.epinions.com/content .
The combination of minimal oil high heat with the hand crank spinner air vents mean the corn pops fast fluffy .
While the kernels are the steroid version you see in Orville Redenbocker's bags , they pop big for real corn .
Although I like plain popcorn best , you use the base corn from Whirley Pop make loads of variations .
These range from sprinkling cheese on after to mixing up as trail mix baking a chocolate popcorn treat in the oven .
They also have a website with free recipes at www.popcornpopper.com .
I'm a lazy bum . . .
There are so many options for making popcorn that a complex popper is going to fly .
one will slave over a popper when those microwave bags are so easy to use .
Don't worry .
The Whirley Pop is quick easy .
The time runs 4 minutes on average way you go .
Whirley Gig has two main pieces,the bucket the top with the hand crank .
Put 2 tablespoons of oil 쩍 cup of popcorn in the bucket ( buy the bagged oil corn combos pour in ) .
Snap the lid on .
It has two snaps that click on easily .
The handle moves the whisk inside keeps the corn moving around stuck to the bottom turning black .
Crank faster as the corn starts popping .
When the popping slows down , take the pan off .
Open the flip top ( it has two for pouring out the corn ) .
You have a perfect bowl of popcorn !
Gee . . .
that was fun !
Sometimes I buy those little metal popcorn pans at the grocery,the ones that grow get bigger as you pop the corn .
Of course , it 's going to be much fun someone gets burned .
Whirley Pop does get really hot to produce those airy kernels .
The wooden handles don't get hot , but the metal does get really hot .
Kids remember to hold ONLY the wooden parts .
We get around that here by wearing oven mitts from Wal-Mart .
Those go way up on Caleb Eli's arms protect them when they crank .
Whirley Pop go in the dishwasher , but I don't have one )-: It only takes a few seconds to hand-wash the popper , so that 's a big deal .
The corn pops fast the pan comes out pretty clean .
Traces of oil wipe off the popper , which does n't have serious cracks crannies requiring serious probing .
I used cheaper dish liquid before my drain stopped up .
While the small traces of oil from the popper don't cause a problem , the build up over time plug pipes especially in a southern home where oil is almost a beverage .
I'm saving money too !
Microwave popcorn gets expensive over time .
You make enough popcorn to feed the whole neighborhood ( to last a good long time ) for a couple of dollars .
The unit costs a little more than some poppers .
The going price is about $ 25.
A standard metal popper the air popper go for under $ 15.
It's worth the slight price difference for the better corn , so I did n't mind the cost .
What are you waiting for ?
Whirley Pop is terrific !
It makes perfect popcorn every time .
We have fun making eating this popcorn .
This popper is on my list of great presents to buy for family friends .
Actually , the first one was planned as a gift , but it rained .
The boys were bored hungry , so we claimed the Whirley Pop .
Now , it 's our favorite , we'll have to buy more of these share the fun .
hello ,
one of my favorite hobbies is cooking .
i have enjoyed this since i was nine years old when i come home at lunch time prepare my own meals ( latch-key kid , you know ) .
i bought my first set of all-clad when i was doing my residency .
all-clad fit the bill .
its weight balance is perfect .
after learning the correct temperature slightly different techniques to cook the things i loved , i was more than content .
this line of cookware allowed me to push the boundaries of what i was used to .
caramelization was easier simmering was more even .
i did n't it at first that cookware made such a difference but now i do !
i do n't like the master-chef line .
performance reason , just for me , the black is unesthetic .
better performance from the anodized aluminum exterior ?
i started with a ten piece set .
i now have over forty-five pieces with one two items being redundant .
i started with mostly stainless steel , then tried a few copper pieces but the constant attention that the copper exterior needed was annoying .
i finally stumbled onto williams sonoma 's 'copper-core ' . it has a core of copper is an absolute dream to cook with .
i my beginner stainless was excellent but the copper-core is unbelievable .
i have almost every piece in that line .
temperature eveness is unmatched !
copper-core is expensive but i had to recommend essential three pieces , they be as follows : the chef 's pan , the 4 quart sauce the 8 quart stock pot .
i wish they make the pasta pentola in a beautiful copper core for , as far as i know , it comes only in stainless steel .
am i being biased towards all-clad ?
i do n't so ( their tea kettle is one of the ugliest i have seen ) .
i have tried the other brands like calphalon which i instantly did like .
then there is analon , circulon .
all of which i have purchased returned .
i picked up the kitchen aid line while window shopping .
it they tried to copy all-clad in design function .
calphalon has a similar handle to all-clad the balance is pretty good but the line is mostly aluminum a lot of their lines have glass lids which for me ( who has worked in three different restaurants as chefs while attending university ) is silly as one is bound to 'drop ' things , especially lids .
i were to open a restaurant , i definitely have all-clad as my main cookware .
take care !
Do buy these spoons you are looking for a decent product .
Yes these spoons are modestly priced , but the quality is highly .
My first impression , was "what the hell are these "
The finish on most of the spoons was a flat unpolished grey color .
The only part of the spoon that was even remotely shiny was the head of the spoon .
It looks like a big machine stamped them out then some poor enslaved Chinese 12 year old was forced to quickly ( unevenly ) polish just the part of the spoon you put into your mouth .
As was evidenced by each spoon having a very nice "made in China " sticker on it .
However each spoon on the bottom has unevenly stamped into it the words , " stainless steel " which is about the only that these are actually stainless steel .
I woke up one morning with one ... I am 35 years old , a good cook , it 's high time I bought a REAL set of cookware .
A full set , , yes , need be , an expensive set !
Luckily , I further justify my purchase with two facts : one , it was Mother 's Day , I am a mother ; two , I ran a home daycare at the time , write it off as a business expense !
Feeling uncharacteristically decadent , I set of to the chicly overpriced Williams Sonoma , giddy with the of putting all my old , dilapidated cookware out to pasture to make room for the shiny new .
The sales lady was matronly , kind , almost frighteningly astute about the many different types of cookware they offered .
I had my eye on the copper , which was the most expensive .
She discouraged me at once , agreeing it was the most beautiful , but ... the polishing .... I 'd be sorry , she said .
Oh .
Having gained my trust by steering me away from the big sale , I was now ready to take her every word as gospel .
" I like the clear lids on these , " I said of another set .
Wrong again .
I 'd be sorry .
I sighed heavily .
" Guess I 'll just go for practicality , then " , I said , "what about these non-stick babies over here ? "
Her face grew dark her brow furrowed with concern as she pointed out that even the best non-stick cookware ( hers was the best , of course ) just was n't very sturdy in terms of the cooking surface .
it required a fleet of gentle , special utensils , I had teenagers , they scrape the surface with the nearest ( un-gentle un-special ) utensil , ... I 'd be sorry .
Oh .
then I saw them ... the All Clad , beaming at me , nay , beckoning me from the far wall .
Stylishly minimalist looking ... I liked that .
Aluminum core with stainless steel food surface ... that was a good thing , too , since my husband is convinced that cooking on aluminum surfaces causes Alzheimer 's .
Afraid to say anything this time , I merely caressed a fry pan hopefully while waiting for my guru 's verdict .
just as I began to wonder she somehow got an extra bonus for selling cookware to woefully inexperienced , unworthy candidates , she beamed back at the beaming All Clad said , simply , " Yes .
You will need to buy another set of cookware .
You wo n't be sorry .
Oh , , you 'll be GLAD for these in your kitchen . "
to boot , they just happened to be on " sale " ...
a DELUXE "extended " ' All Clad Stainless ' set for a mere $ 560.00 .
This included 2 fry pans ( one very large with a lid ) , a stock pot with lid , a sauce pan ( small pot , very handy ) with lid , a 3 piece double boiler , ( steamer ) my personal favorite .
Since they were throwing in the extra smaller fry pan , that made TEN pieces in all , including lids the way they do .
I personally counting the lid as a 'piece ' is sort of a stretch , do n't you ? ... kind of like trying to count one 's dog as a dependent at tax time .
Anyway , my set did include the piece shown in the photo for this category , so i figure since the time I purchased my 'Stainless ' set , they have taken out a piece replaced it with the pasta insert .
maybe they just chose any pretty piece of ALL CLAD Stainless for the photo , even it is n't in the set .
I mean , we were talking about pots pans , for god 's sake .
I vaguely recall him stammering something about being able to buy quite competent cookware elsewhere for a lot less .
But I did n't trust him .
over two years later , I 'm sorry .
Here 's why :
PROS :
Heavy solid ; well crafted , durable ( warping )
Heats evenly
Cleans super easy you do n't stick burn food
All pieces go into the oven ! ! !
I love this .
LIFETIME Warranty
CONS :
It 's important to note that the makers of ALL CLAD say that because of this product 's aluminum core excellent conductivity , it is necessary to use high heat to cook brown foods .
This is true , but requires a little patience .
Because you do n't remember to refrain from cooking on high , food WILL stick you 're frying , even with oil spray butter .
But you 're patient cook on medium , you fry beautifully in these pans .
Food cooking surface will show very mild scratch marks slight rainbow colored haziness you use metal cooking utensils regularly , of you scrub too hard burn something .
This is mortifying ! ... like getting that first scuff mark on a black suede purse .
It be helpful to call a friend to help "talk you down " when the first scratch occurs .
Says "dish washer safe " in the insert info , their web site says that 's O.K. for their Stainless line , but their recommended cleaning method is with a low-abrasive cleanser called " Bar Keeper 's Friend , " which also supposedly removes any of that 'cloudy rainbow ' discoloration that crop up over time high heat is used .
I use " Bon Ami" cleaner , also a low abrasion brand , I hand wash my set to try to preserve the high polish shine .
I have to admit , hand washing is a little inconvenient .
But all things that last ( wether it 's a great marriage a great fry pan ) require a little extra care ... so all said , she was right ...I 'm glad I got Clad .
As someone who loves to cook enjoys entertaining , I am always trying new recipes .
I have tried many different types of cookware including Revere Ware T-FAL , both were fine but I wanted to upgrade to "restaurant quality " cookware .
Calphalon was my first choice .
The look of it combined with the reputation I was convinced it had made me want it in my own kitchen .
I bought it piece by piece .
Knowing which pans I use most , allowed me to purchase just the ones I wanted , as each went on sale .
Some even came with videos on how to cook in it clean it .
Of course , I , being the chef in my own mind , was sure I did need to view it , but did just for fun .
As I watched , I saw that I needed to use a ScotchBrite pad ( included with the pan video ) was told to ever use dish liquid put it in the dishwasher , at that point I began to wonder these pans were going to be a hassle to clean .
But they looked so beautiful hanging from a stainless steel rack , I figured it be worth it .
As I began cooking with my Calphalon I started to become more more disillusioned .
Granted , I was well aware that it was non-stick , however it truly was incredibly daunting to have to be scraping the bottom sides of the pan , rather than just stirring the food inside .
I found myself using it just for certain types of cooking for certain dishes .
However , I have recently purchased a Calphalon Hard-Anodized Non-Stick Wok I love it .
It looks beautiful hanging with the others it used much more .
I had ample opportunity to find out before the wedding that my now-husband is a friend of nonstick cookware .
Metal utensils , scraping with a fork , burning things , steel wool , you name it .
So when I went looking for cookware for our gift registry , I only stainless .
It was also recommended by the major nameless consumer guide ( this was in my pre-Epinions days ) .
We have a winner .
The handles stay cool on the stove have such a nice to them .
The pan 's shape is just right for sauteeing omelets .
they clean up easily enough , even when that man I married burns something on the bottom then does n't soak it .
I handwash everything ( we have dishwasher ) , so ease of cleanup was a major consideration .
I 've been especially pleased with my results with grilled-cheese sandwiches in these pans .
They turn out much less greasy than those made on the electric grill .
My only real concerns are that the handles are heavy enough that the pan overbalance your burner is n't steady , ours ( old electric rounds ) sometimes are n't .
the pans are heavyish .
Prolonged shaking for sauteeing takes some arm strength .
But I *am* something of a wimp .
Have you ever bitten into a gritty piece of lettuce in your salad ?
I 've discovered the absolute BEST way to clean your greens keep them hydrated , crisp fresh .
Let me introduce you to the OXO Pump Action Salad Spinner .
~ What is it How Does it Work ?
To use , rinse your greens under cold running water , then place them in the basket .
Put the basket containing the greens into the clear plastic bowl .
Put the pump action lid on top to cover the bowl .
The pump top has a simple locking tab that keeps the push-down pump compressed flush to the lid for storage .
It 's very easy to do .
The pumper then pops up extends above the lid about 3" so .
Then just push down on the pumper .
The basket inside the bowl spins , water is extracted from the greens out of the basket , away from the greens , out into the bowl .
Push the pumper down a few times to keep it spinning allow the centrifugal force to extract the water .
You do n't need to push more than maybe four to six times , but trust me , you 'll keep pushing because it 's so much fun !
Just press the black rubber brake button to stop the spinning .
The bottom of the bowl has a non-skid surface , which helps to keep the bowl steady as the basket spins .
You use this on any convenient surface .
After you 're done playing - er , I mean cleaning your greens , take out the basket with the greens empty out all the water from the bowl that was extracted from your greens .
, you 'd like you even store the greens right in the Salad Spinner bowl .
The Salad Spinner is easy to clean .
The plastic bowl is top-rack dishwasher safe , but since it primarily only has water in it , I just rinse dry .
The whole unit it light weight , uses electricity batteries .
~ My Experience , Tips , Other Notes
I 've found that a full head of iceberg lettuce be broken into wedges , in half , depending on the size of the head , before it will fit into the basket .
of course to adequately wash rinse a head of lettuce it 's best to break it up anyway .
You rinse your lettuce , then fill the Salad Spinner bowl with water let it soak for a little bit .
Then rinse again , place the greens into the basket spin .
This will really get your greens super clean , very hydrated , after chilling they will be crisp delicious .
Remember , do n't use a metal knife to cut your lettuce up though , because the edges will turn brown .
Always tear your lettuce by hand to avoid browning , use a special "lettuce knife . "
you have children who want to help , this is a perfect task for them .
The Salad Spinner bowl by itself is a perfectly nice bowl that be used for many other things as well .
You of course store the greens serve the finished salad in the bowl .
Try it for serving popcorn , potato chips , snacks as well .
I found my OXO Salad Spinner at Target for $ 24.99 .
The only drawback I see to this wonderful kitchen tool is storage .
It 's a big bowl that will hold about 4 quarts .
But finding a spot for this is worth it .
You 'll have the cleanest , tastiest , crispest greens , it 's just so darned much fun to use ! Go take it for a spin !
eating since we purchased them .
Through it all , only have they continued to cook wonderfully , but they look good too
I have finally found a set of pans that are worth the money I paid for them .
I I needed a new stove , a new set of pans was a better deal .
I researched all of the different sets available decided that these pans were the best fit for the money that was available for me .
I absolutely love the speed at which these copper core bottom pans heat up .
I now boil water in half the time at a much lower setting that before .
I also enjoy the fact that the handles are welded to the outside of the pan , this ensures that there are rough surfaces on the interior for food particles to adhere to .
I also enjoy the ability to cook at high temps with out the sides of the pan heating up .
The heat source is concentrated at the base of the pan vice the handle sides .
This is safer more efficient .
The only disadvantage I have found so far is the clean up .
The instructions say the pans are dishwasher safe but it is recommended due to cosmetic changes in the surface of the pans .
My wife used a metal spoon to sir this left metal scratches in the pan surface .
However , we did end up having some problems with them .
The main problem we had was with the handles coming unscrewed .
We kept screwing them back in time after time they kept loosening up .
We ended up having to send three of the pans back for repair--which they did gladly ( we had to pay to ship them for repair ) .
The other problem we had was with the smallest sauce pan .
One day , we noticed that the lip of the pan was cracking at the top .
Since we had always followed the care instructions , I 'm sure why this happened .
However , we do use babysitters who have used our pans so maybe they caused the problem .
Who knows ?
On a more positive note , I have loved the fact that these pans are n't too heavy .
We have some Scanpan 2000 pans that are sooooo heavy ( I know they have some lighter ones now ) !
Also , this set to have everything you need for basic cooking in the kitchen .
The only thing I wish it had was a small omelet pan .
I recommend placing these pans in the dishwasher .
Although the instructions do say "dishwasher safe , " I they will last longer you wash them by hand .
For the price , I this is a worthwhile set .
However , you have some problems like I did .
It was a joy to cook with in the beginning .
Had I known that you put them in the dishwasher - you cook on high heat - I have pampered this stuff .
I the replacement set will be a less expensive brand which is much more durable .
I met up with Calphalon cookware way back in 1986 , when I worked for Williams-Sonoma , the King of Kitchen stores !
As an avid cook , I tried it many other types of cookware , myself--and I have continued trying out various Calphalon pieces as they come out .
As you , we sales associates were bombarded with a ton of product literature on all of the different cookware lines ( Le Creuset , Cuisinart , etc. ) we were to absorb memorize the benefits features of each brand of cookware ...BUT , I liked the extra selling edge of being able to tell customers what I had after USING each item ...so I cooked a lot of things in Calphalon pots--just to test them out !
I regret to say that I felt then , still Calphalon is highly over-rated .
I had to revise my whole way of cooking because the black anodized aluminum surface of Calphalon heats a lot hotter faster than regular cookware .
It is very easy to quickly ruin your food , set off the smoke alarm , scrub your head off just trying to remove the stuck-on remains .
I was also disappointed in the "artsy " design of the pots ...interesting shapes , but HOT metal handles ! ! Calphalon brags that their cookware is "oven-safe , " but those handles make it to use the oven feature getting 3rd degree burns .
The non-solution for that problem was manufacturing suede covers for the handles , which are pricey slide off too much warning .
I ca n't recommend buying Calphalon .
I 've had these for 20 years now .
I always they were very good , until I tried All-Clad .
For novice cooks , these Farberware pans are good , durable , inexpensive , competent products .
For more experienced cooks , well ...
My biggest complaint is that the sides of the pans are thin stainless steel - the aluminum bottom is just that - on the bottom .
This causes sauces , soups , etc - anything liquid in the pan - to scorch along the outside edge .
Any serious cook will spend the extra cash on All-Clad - at least for a few key pieces , such as a Saute Pan , Fry Pan , a good Sauce pot .
Its like having 1000 mirrors in your kitchen...good you are cute ...bad you are Godzilla
So , you have read my other epinions , you know my loyalty to the best .
All-Clad is exception .
But , I get bored easily .
So , I decided to upgrade .
But , is there really a way to upgrade from All-Clad ?
I am sure .
So , I I just took a lateral step went for the Stainless Set .
As for the pro 's .
Well , they look great .
I mean fantastic - out of the box .
They are shiny heavy .
You the quality All-Clad puts into their products .
Yet , this leads to something I am too fond of .
However good they look new , they are a killer to take care of .
So , thats a huge drawback for me .
, beyond individual use cleaning , they are magnets for fingerprints .
So , they are left out ( mine are hung from a rack in the ceiling ) they collect dust .
Bottom line .
But , that being said , I still recommend them highly .
They are a great addition to any kitchen .
Do it right the first time ...you will be happy .
UPDATE 4/6/03
I like to note that yes , Williams-Sonoma ( where I purchase this ) did tell me it was dishwasher safe , but to agree , it was that I handwash .
As for the pieces I own ( all included in original set )
*Also please note , Williams-Sonoma usually sells specially packaged sets -
*3qt Saute Pan ( cover included ) - This is my favorite , most versatile piece .
I love it because I often cook for large groups , this handle a large amount of food the 4qt is just a monster !
*8 " skillet - A bit small , but ok for me .
Its a skillet ...need I say more ?
*1qt saucepan (uncovered ) - I bought this because it was a " try-me " only $ 20bucks extra .
It was hard to refuse , although , I say I have once used it .
*2qt saucepan ( covered ) - Another staple .
Good for soups , rice dishes , just about anything .
*8qt stockpot ( covered ) - I say it is a good , versatile piece , but I be repeating myself too often .
Thus , you see All-Clad does a good job pairing things in its set .
Other notes -
*Warranty - This is another trademark of the brand .
I had to have a few pieces of my MasterChef replaced , W-S did so with difficulty .
It was very simple to just take in my defective piece have it swapped out for a new replacement .
My only concern was that I had the original MasterChef , they discontinued that .
Thus , I only get the new MasterChef II , which is an identical match to the original series .
That is why I did away with it went to the Stainless .
I am a bit OCD , everything match in my kitchen .
This is something I appreciate greatly .
However , I am VERY disappointed in All-Clad .
They sell a set of 2 individual oval bakers .
What a disappointment in Quality/Brand control !
I buy every piece , but then it take over my apartment .
Also , my set included non-stick pieces .
Although I prefer the standard coating , I it be nice to have a few pieces for certain dishes .
I am a trained chef I have owned 2 of my own restaurants I have to tell you I have cooked on anything that comes even close to the performance of All-Clad cookware .
Do n't get me wrong , I have owned lots of other cookware , but they all fell short in one way another .
Mr. Puck use it in his restaurant but he does he destroyes a bunch of it .
afterall that is what cooking is all about .
The reason All-Clad conducts heat so much better is that they have a stainless steel outside an aluminum in the middle another stainless steel skin on the inside of the pans pots .
Stainless steel is a great metal but it does n't conduct heat very evenly , on the other hand , aluminum is great at conducting heat evenly but it does n't hold up very well , but put them together WOW WEE what a wonderful marrage of two great metals .
you ever see an All-Clad pan cut in half , you will see what I mean .
As far a finish is concerned , I have seen a better set of cookware in my life .
you want to keep the beautiful finish on your All-Clad cookware dont use steel wool the green scotchbrite sponges pads on the outside of your pots pans .
All-Clad does make many types of exterior materials for there cookware I say finishes .
I did read some other reviews the reviewers said that the thing they did n't like about All-Clad cookware is that it was hard to clean , WAY ! ! !
it is harder than a non stick surface , but you really burn something into the pan just put a small amount of Dawn a little bit of water in the pan pot let it soak in a few minutes it will come clean .
The good really out weighs the bad when it comes to All-Clad cookware .
I received this set of Pans three years ago for Christmas .
( Was my husband trying to tell me something ? )
I love them .
Mine are hanging from a beautiful copper pan wrack from my ceiling they still look like new .
The wedge of copper between the stainless steel in the bottom of the pan helps the food to heat up faster .
I have taken good care of my pans I am sure that they look like new because of that .
I always wash mine by hand .
Most spots safely be removed by Cerama Bryte , a ceramic cooktop cleaner .
you do n't want to take the time to wash by hand do n't care what your pots pans look like , you want to invest in something less expensive .
They were the perfect set for me !
When me my husband got married ,my new mother in law gave us this set of cookware as a gift to us .
As soon as I pulled the first pot out of the box , I knew I be happy with this cookware .
While the stainless steel accounts for a couple of burns I 've received from my own stupidity , I also it 's one of my favorite things about this set.It just makes it look so clean attractive durable .
I got a lot of use out of the largest pot for the first year by boiling bottles in it constantly . I do n't know what I have done it .
The pot is large enough to fit even two days better worth of bottles .
Since the time my son was weaned I 've found other uses for it ,such as making a big pot of spaghetti some home made soup ,or boiling fresh vegetables ,it 's large enough to hold any amount with ease .
The smallest of the pots is great for things like macaroni ,noodles ,and making tea. I I use this piece more than any other .
The second largest pot is great for anything , I use it for all my cooking needs ,for anything from boiling nipples in the past to gravies other things .
The skillet is however still my very favorite piece .
It ca n't be described as anything other than wonderful useful .
I 've forgotten about boiling nipples more than once ,and even after that ,my cookware still looks brand new .
The only other pot pan I own outside of this set is a cast iron small skillet my mother passed down for things like pancakes eggs ,and these are all I have needed .
bought my Calphalon Non-stick pan because I that you have at least one non-stick in your kitchen .
I picked this product because I figured for the price I was getting a top quality product that last .
My pan lasted less than a year .
It was the same after I burned pancakes on it .
The accident left a round burnt mark on my pan that I get rid of .
Then the pan lost it 's non-stick luster everything I cooked adhered to the pan .
Very frustrating your trying to make omelettes .
Besides burning the pancakes , I always handwashed it , only during the pancake incident did I cook it at high heat .
Eventually , I gave my pan up to Goodwill good riddance to a poorly made product .
Later , I received the Farberware Non-Stick pan as a gift even though the quality ( weight style ) is like the Calphalon , that pan has lasted me more than 2 years I have encountered the same problems as I have with Calphalon .
Lodge is celebrating 100 years of making pans cast from iron .
They even have a special cookbook to go with the Lodge pans which is available at the web site .
Lodge makes the entire pan in a cast ( mold ) which is where the cast name comes from , the pan is made out of iron .
Why you care about a pan being a cast iron ?
Pieces come off .
The finish flakes off .
That does n't happen with a pan cast in one solid piece made of iron .
As for the iron--iron has been used for centuries in cooking .
It holds up to the heat it absorbs the heat cooks evenly .
It is a smooth finish like most pans .
It has pores which absorb oil ( which means these pans get better over time ) .
Also the iron gets in the food ( faint traces ) .
This is fine actually a good thing , since we all need iron in our diet .
Lodge makes a variety of sizes from the tiny one you see in the product to picture up to the large size in the picture .
I do like the small size for meling butter for popcorn for frying onions to go on a sandwich .
Lodge also has the cookbook plus items like covers for the pans ( though I just use a regular lid ) .
They have other kinds of pans like a wok Dutch oven .
In other words this pan is almost 2 feet across .
Since cast iron is heavy , this pan weighs in at 27 pounds then more when filled with food .
The small size is nice .
I have to cook those kinds of quantities , then I use a stew pot make soup stew something like that .
For a large skillet meal , I 'd go with a lighter weight cookware product .
Note that you see a price of $ 5 to $ 35.
Well , that jumbo Lodge runs almost $ 160 .
But this model number is the big pan , I use that order number unless you really do want this really large pan .
Even then I do n't you hire many people who really handle 27 pounds of pan .
only is it hard to move the pan around to cook , it is really hard to wash such a large heavy pan .
Do n't give up on cast iron based on this pan .
Check out my review others on other Lodge pans .
You rub that in then heat the pan on 200 degrees for a couple of hours .
A newly seasoned pan is best for meat of deep frying ( they do have a deep fryer in fact but you use the regular fry pan ) .
To start with you want to build up the oil base .
Then you cook most anything in the cast iron .
Tomato based products tend to break down the seasoning , but other items are fine .
I do n't let them sit in the water though as that cause rust .
a pan does rust , then just use a brillo pad rub down .
Then reseason .
They be recovered easily as I have had them rust during military transitions when they are in storage for months .
We got two pieces of hard-anodized Calphalon for our wedding : the 2.5 quart saucepan with lid the wok .
At the time it like a good .
We did n't want anything with a nonstick coating , but we also did n't want to spend hours scrubbing pots .
Calphalon , with its sturdy anodized finish , to be a good compromise .
The heavy aluminum core , we figured , keep things from burning .
Then we opened the boxes read the directions .
Do n't use metal utensils , they said .
Do n't place your Calphalon on more than medium heat .
do n't use a scouring pad .
we 'd wanted to baby our pans like this we have gotten Teflon !
We did our best but it was n't long before the pans , especially the saucepan , were nicked scratched .
It 's hard to say the stains were from cooked-on food from the slowly-dissolving coating .
Calphalon acts ... strangely when you put it on a lit burner .
This makes it hard to saute things , stir-frying is especially challenging .
exactly what we had in mind when we asked our relatives for this pricey stuff .
Finally , after less than three years , we were forced to toss the saucepan .
The wok is still with us , but rarely used .
So my recommendation is : skip the Calphalon .
For boiling stewing , your basic stainless steel , preferably with a heavy aluminum disk on the bottom , will do just fine .
Cheers !
The All-Clad Stainless 1-Quart Sauce Pan is what I consider the "baby " of the saucepan line , though there is a 1/2-quart model as well as a one-cup butter warmer .
The one-quart pan is about as low as I care to go in the All-Clad limbo I play .
Starting Out Small
I did start my All-Clad cookware collection in a small way by any stretch of the imagination .
I had n't had that kind of luck , I have started out with the All-Clad Stainless 1-Quart Sauce Pan , a dependable , often-used size pan in my kitchen .
Many a "non-gourmet " meal simmers away in this handy piece of aluminum clad in stainless steel .
So too , condensed soup schlogs into this gleaming beauty .
Add a of water presto!
Chicken noodle soup ( in a pinch . . .
Way , I 'm Gourmet -- All-Clad Does n't Belong in My Kitchen
It 's pricey , yes , but beyond that , it be the cookware that allows you to enjoy cooking .
You just become a gourmet , that 's the direction you want to go .
Why is this All-Clad sauce pan so good ?
First , the construction of the All-Clad Stainless 1-Quart Sauce Pan is top quality .
The heat conducting metal , aluminum , is at the core of each pan .
This makes a three-layer , bonded piece of cookware that heats quickly , holds the heat , cooks evenly , looks fantastic while doing it .
the part that is n't to heat -- the stay-cool handle -- does n't get hot , unless you use the All-Clad Stainless 1-Quart Sauce Pan in the oven .
A short summary of the All-Clad Stainless 1-Quart Sauce Pan :
, aluminum core for excellent heat conducting purposes
, stainless steel surrounding the aluminum core (3-ply construction )
, stay-cool handle
, oven-safe
, energy-saving ( requires lower heat throughout cooking than does other pans )
, All-Clad lifetime warranty covering manufacturer 's defects
What you do n't get with this All-Clad Stainless 1-Quart Sauce Pan
, a lid ( Usually All-Clad saucepans come with a lid .
Lids are available separately for about $ 25.)
, scorching food , unless left on too high heat for too long
, "hot spots " in the pan that burn scorch
, difficult clean-up . . .
very little elbow grease required
Right now , the big deal is that I bought another one of these for $ 25 as a " try me " deal at Amazon.com .
It 's a much-used size in my kitchen , it makes sense for me to have two of them .
lid on this one , , but that 's okay ( the regular price on the 1-quart is roughly $ 60 ) .
Aside from my luck running over once again , you 'll find that the All-Clad Stainless 1-Quart Sauce Pan , after getting to know it 's abilities on your particular heating elements , wo n't run over when you 're simmering a serving of soup , making a sauce doing up a vegetable for dinner .
The key to success with this pan , like any other , is to know its capabilities when matched with your cooking appliance , it be gas electric .
I set a pan of soup on the stove , bring it to a boil then set it at just about the lowest setting ( gas range ) know that the soup will just barely simmer .
With my former cookware , I had to adjust the heat often , even after owning the pans for years .
I 'm perfect , but those pans were even less so !
Is This Pan Right for Me ?
You have to know your cooking needs before making any cookware purchase .
you do n't make pancakes grilled cheese , why own a griddle ?
The same goes for various sizes of pots pans .
But for some purposes , like melting butter , making glazes few-person servings of soups vegetables , the All-Clad Stainless 1-Quart Sauce Pan is the perfect size you 'll use it often .
Other than the sizing issue , there 's question that All-Clad is right -- you want your cooking endeavors to be easier , more satisfying deliver more wonderful results than you 've ever had , it 's only right , it 's the only choice .
The All-Clad Limbo
What is the " All-Clad Limbo " ?
Maybe you 're there now .
When you make the purchase of the All-Clad Stainless 1-Quart Sauce Pan begin to use it , you 'll get results with your cooking that make you wonder .
What you 'll wonder is , when will you pick up your next piece of All-Clad ?
the tempo quickens when you see the words " Sale " " Special Offer " in conjunction with All-Clad cookware .
The beat goes on .
Often times this drawer becomes a catch-all for a number of dubious utensils , twisty-ties , rubber bands , little packets of spice mixes soy sauce other less savory items I 'd rather about .
In California 's San Joaquin Delta region , peat dirt islands which help to make up the Riparian feature known as 1,000 Miles Of Waterways , alternately flood serve to provide the ideal growing medium for one of local agribusinesses major vegetable crops , the asparagus .
For many consumers , this King of Spears is only known as a canned product , to be served chilled , in aspics , ( feh ! ) , salads .
Which leads me to this niche tool , someone 's clever , when to my mind a simple 4" paring knife slightly larger utility knife do .
Cooking.com Stainless Steel Asparagus Peeler Tongs
Cooking.com is a fine website , with all sorts of pots pans baking supplies .
Such as this one .
Pluses include relative low cost , easy care stainless steel .
A separate blade serves to peel off those nasty purplish papery scales from the stalks , does this with dispatch .
There 's need for your hands to touch the blade , even people with impaired eye sight , ( thinking of my elderly parents here , who were 'gifted ' with this contraption , touted as perfect for people who have everything ) , make safe use of this 7 " gadget .
There are some nooks crannies that require a bit of extra cleaning , a bottle brush be put to good use here .
I found benefit to using these tongs over the usual variety of open solid metal "pincher " type tongs you find in an housewares section of local department stores .
The very short length actually works against these tongs , as your hand is exposed to more steam , conducted heat than with a longer , ( standard 9 " to 12" ) , pair of kitchen tongs .
This is especially true you use the tall inserts that most cookware brands tout as asparagus steamers .
My advice ?
You will do just as well , better , with the sort of small knife mentioned above , a standard , swivel peeler , ( the Oxo cushion-handled one is dandy ) , garden-variety kitchen tongs , already in your cooking arsenal .
Save the $ 7.50 plus shipping/handling charges from this Internet shopping site for something better-like maybe a luscious box of chocolates !
Like popcorn ?
so you'll love ( let me repeat that emphatically , LOVE ) Whirley Pop .
Honestly , we had n't been munching much on popcorn recently because my tiny microwave was on the fritz refused to work on microwave popcorn .
Manufactured by Monon , Indiana-based Wabash Valley Farms , the Whirley Pop be purchased in three sizes ; 4 quart , 6 quart , 8 quart .
The popper looks very similar to a small crock pot with a shiny silver finish flip-top .
The pot itself is dishwasher safe , while the top be easily removed be washed by hand ( it's got wooden handles ) .
The best thing about the Whirley Pop is just how easy it is to use .
You that that microwave popcorn is a cinch .
The Whirley Pop makes twice the amount of popcorn in less than five mines .
of using the microwave , you use your stove set on medium to medium high .
Simply add at least at least one teaspoon of oil ( at most half a cup ) your popcorn ( 1/2 cup at most ) crank the handle until the popcorn is done popping .
Voila ! Six quarts of sumptuous theater style popcorn !
But the fun part is that you try different recipes experiment with different oils salt-based seasonings .
As long as you don't do anything too strange , your popcorn will turn out perfectly .
The manual that accompanies the Whirley Pop canola , coconut , peanut , olive oil among others .
Salt-based seasonings are readily available at the local supermarket in addition to pre-measured packets available at the Wabash Valley Farms website .
Popcorn be purchased via that site , for a better price at the local grocery .
The Whirley Pop is inexpensive easy to use when compared to air poppers other electric popcorn poppers .
At just $ 25 so , this unique appliance be yours .
Personally , I intend on purchasing this as a wedding gift when friends get married .
a doubt , they won't be returning the Whirley Pop .
It's uniquely fun makes the best popcorn you imagine .
Wabash Valley Farms website : http ://www.wfarms.com/
Now that I have it - I have the professional burns scars that come with it !
The danger of using this product ( because they are made to conduct heat distribute it evenly ) is the handles .
Do n't get me wrong I like the finished product of using my new cookware .
It is just the means to the end that is hard for me to overcome , at least until I get it in my head that the handles are VERY HOT !
The food comes out wonderful takes less time to prepare .
Just do something with those handles so we do n't have to have the professional scars that come with restaurant-like food .
Purchased a set in it has held up to its reputation .
I do n't know what they are doing doing , but this set left a bad experience for me .
Can't go in the dishwasher , ca n't use oil sprays in it .
It scratches easily stains peels .
This cookware is a cooks friend what so ever ! ! Shipped set back to Meyer corp .
Well peeling scratching are n't covered under this "WARRANTY " after less than 3 months use then I have clue what is covered .
Is this customer service ?
Is this what we buy now is use for less than 90 days throw the cookware away ?
you are considering purchasing this " stuff " I 'd twice .
It 's worth the price the hassel
I 've enjoyed cooking with Le Creuset cookware .
It 's solid .
It cooks well .
It works .
It 's also heavy to the point where the usage is impaired , the enamel coating does n't last as long as it for the price , some of it is just plain ugly ( see especially the flame orange colour ) .
I got rid of most of my Le Creuset in a move -- it is the last cookware you 'll ever want you move a long distance , the last cookware you 'll ever want you move frequently .
Most of mine was actually inherited , which is a bit of a rare thing with pots pans , that says nice things about the quality .
That I parted ways with these particular family heirlooms does n't , though .
I did put pieces in the oven , a nice bit of functionality , but they were so unpleasant to take out of the oven that I gave up .
You enjoy one two pieces of Le Creuset for things that want to be slowly cooked at a low , constant temperature , you are the type to constantly have an unmoving pot ( of soup stock , porridge , anything ) on your stove , this also be your cookware .
A small pan turn out some lovely sauces , though only in small quantities -- anything much over a quart suffers from the weight problem so much that it 's worth it .
I have n't quite been able to duplicate some of the stews curries made in the Le Creuset pans , but it 's a small price (unlike the retail selling one ... ) to pay to be free of pots that were so heavy as to be immobile unwashable .
We stayed at the Palace Station because it was a good deal out of the way of all of the confusion on the strip .
We just loved it !
Everyone was very kind helpful .
The casino is the best around ....the food is absolutely the best !
The room was nice , however , we did spend much time in the room .
In Vegas one does sleep very much in the town that sleeps ! ! !
So , of course , we decided to stay here again on our next trip in 1999 .
What a mistake !
The food was still wonderful , the casino is still the only won I win ANY money at , but the service was up to par .
Our room , with the nasty old carpet the hole in the bathroom door , was what I after spending so much money for a vacation !
While inquiring about tickets to a show we were told " I do n't know , call them find out " !
As for taking the shuttle to the strip , plan to wait at least 30 minutes to an hour !
At one point I ordered a drink after tracking down a waitress she returned .
However , I did see her serving the higher priced machines a couple of minutes later .
I am a very good tipper , which is very important in this town .
On our next trip we are planning to stay elsewhere !
This year we booked ourselves , our two year old my sister into the ' Casa Marina Resort' , with expectations of having a first class experience .
Unfortunately , our vacation was anything but that .
In all fairness , before I present my laundry list of problems with our rooms , I say that for the most part the staff was friendly helpful .
The older part of the hotel is quite beautiful has a wonderful yesteryear romantic quality to it .
The landscaping is lush mature the pools are a pleasure to relax in around .
The beach at the hotel is adequate , but remember , Key West is really known for its beaches , so our expectations were n't very high on that point .
Now the bad sad part ...
We booked two rooms for March 8 through March 15 ( high season ) a double for my sister , a mini-suite ocean view for ourselves , $ 359 $ 379 respectively .
Our check in was fairly normal , for the " we do n't have the adjoining room available " .
Okay , well , we live with that .
The bellman had difficultly figuring out how to get to our rooms !
That certainly did n't make me secure in any way--what kind of " security guard " does n't know the lay of the land in the hotel he works ?
boy was it ever .
This section was where our rooms were located .
We were on the top floor ( 4th ) did have ocean views , through the dense palm treetops .
The rooms were however filthy .
The door to the room had a problem with the latching device it did n't function properly half the time the bottom of the door was rusting rotting , dropping bits pieces of sharp metal onto the carpet ( good for a two year olds little feet ! ) .
Upon entering , the first thing I noticed was the almost dark brown staining on the carpet , running the entire length of the room .
There was also a kind of wet moldy smell in the room even though the air conditioning was going full blast .
I , 'well , okay , let 's give it a chance ' We were all so excited to be in a warm place after such a long mean winter we just started unpacking hit the pool beach immediately .
Over the next day , there were more things that really started to get to me .
There was thick black mold on the inner shower curtain liner , the bathroom floor had a dirty footprint in the corner that the housekeeper just to pay attention to .
The floor grout was disgusting , it they only wipe the floor scrubbed it clean !
The wallpaper was peeling at all the seams ( wallpaper is a dumb in tropical weather anyway ) .
The towel/rack shelf thing was bent falling off of the wall .
The shower drain was rusty unclean .
I know this is pretty standard , but the water pressure was more like a spritzer bottle than a shower !
The light fixture had two 'energy saver ' fluourescent bulbs in it that took a very long time to heat up light the bathroom .
All of this horror was packed into a teeny tiny cramped little bathroom !
The crib we had requested was covered in dirt dust , the sheets/pillow were clean the but the crib looked like is had been stored outside .
One of the wheels was totally broken off , creating a lopsided slope .
Out of three bed pillows two had dark stains on them smelled really foul .
The bed skirt on the bed was six more inches too long was very unattractive had gotten dirty from repeatedly being stepped on vacummed over .
All of the lampshades were stained loose .
The 'artwork ' consisted of posters that were so faded out that they to be only that funny blue color with a yellow white background .
The mini-bar was adequately expensively stocked but the laminate surfaces were peeling away at the edges there was a ton of dust dirt laying around side of it .
There was a safe in the closet--but it was completely useless !
A quick glance at the climate control the air vents , showed massive amounts of dust accumulation .
Oh , by the way , the balcony was spacious .
Okay , whew .
Well we 've stayed in all types of hotels , resorts , guesthouses , villas etc . all over the world .
We spend anywhere between 20K 50K a year on travel this next thing was unbelievable to us .
after returning from the pool , we were walking around our room in our bare feet noticed something weird .
While we had clean feet ( in our sandals ) back from the pool , our feet were TURNING BLACK from walking around the room on the carpeting !
That was it , I called to talk to the manager .
I asked that we have a face to face meeting of just speaking on the phone .
What was the response ?
" We 'll see what we do " , " The hotel is completely booked " "blah , blah , blah , blah , " I was n't completely satisfied but I said " Okay , let me know what you do as soon as you know .
But please do n't call the room before 4:00 because the baby is sleeping . "
I did n't know what to since I have rarely ever had as many complaints here as anywhere else .
He asked for a copy of my list I presented it to him .
A few more minutes before 4:00 another person is banging on the door .
This is really unbelievable .
So much for first-class service .
He asked our 'problems ' had been resolved !
So this was our 'accommodation ' trading one dirty room for another .
Apologies from the staff : .
We had a terrific time in Key West as long as we did n't spend a minute more than we had to in our so-called 'luxury ' rooms .
I will recommend this hotel to any family , friend , co-worker , stranger on the street .
Wyndham has a lot of work to do this is what is top-drawer .
Several years ago , I decided to take my little brother to Disney World .
I told him that when I graduated college , he I hop on a plane spend a week with the Mouse .
Of course , I did n't realize it cost so much money !
As a recent college graduate , I wanted to cut costs wherever I .
Furthermore , I wanted to take good care of my then-10-year-old brother , ultimately , I wanted to stay on property .
After a tremendous deal of research , dozens of travel agent interviews , about 24 paychecks , I made our reservations at the Wilderness Lodge .
This all well good to me .
We'd be on property ; we'd get early admission into the parks ; the cost was reasonable ; we'd have a great time .
But then I received a letter from the good people at the Disney Corporation .
It they had me in their database of Meeting Planners , as a result , they wanted to impress me .
question , I took them up on their offer called their convention office .
"Well hello , Shannon ! " they happily greeted me on the phone .
" Where you like to stay ? "
I hardly it !
But why don't you try The Disney Yacht Beach Club ? " That's all I needed to hear .
Disney's Yacht Beach Club is indeed two separate hotels ; however , they are one resort ( Does that make sense ? ) .
The two properties share restaurants , convention services , a large , spectacular pool .
However , when you make your reservations , you do need to specify you'd like to be in the Yacht Club the Beach Club .
Both hotels are magnificent , offering large , beautiful rooms ; first-class service ; a beautiful view ; a lovely beach ; the shortest route to Epcot Center .
I place this review under The Beach Club , because that 's where I ended up .
The patio looked out over a small , private pool , which got little use during our stay .
The room was large , clean , carefully decorated .
It offered a full marble bath , two telephones , fax/modem capabilities , concierge services , a lovely view .
With that said , we did n't plan to spend a heck of a lot of time in our upgraded room .
We were the first to arrive at the parks in the morning , we were the last to leave at night .
We did , however , make good use of the restaurants , the Beach Club Water Park , the room service , the concierge , mostly , the location .
Situated right next to Epcot Center , you walk from the Beach Resort to a back gate into Epcot .
The luxury of using the back gate is that you avoid any long lines .
After spending an entire day at this modern theme park , we simply skipped back over to the hotel , where we recharged our batteries for the next day .
The following morning , we caught a van to The Magic Kingdom , where we were granted early admission .
That evening , we attended the Hawaiian Luau .
To get there , we took the van to the Magic Kingdom , then hopped on the Monorail .
However , there was a of alternate transportation , we had to wait for these services .
Rather than simply supplying a large pool , this water park offers slides , beaches , games , a very large play area .
Surprisingly , it was crowded , as a result , we skipped Orlando's other water park attractions .
In the end , this saved me a lot of dough .
You see , there is admission cost to relax at the Beach Club Water Park ; it is included in the price of your hotel reservations .
We also took advantage of the property restaurants , which offered a character breakfast as well as an all-you-can-eat dinner buffet .
In classic Disney style , the food was delicious plentiful ; the waiters were undeniably friendly cordial ; the atmosphere was fun , relaxed , upscale .
Since then , I have had the pleasure of staying at just about all the Disney hotels , this one beats the competition hands-down .
You bet !
The only thing the Floridian has over this property is a coveted stop on the Monorail track .
Other than that , you will get the same upscale service a fabulous view .
Staying at the Disney Beach and Yacht Club comes at a price .
This is one of Disney's more expensive properties , as well it be .
But within walking distance , you enjoy the new boardwalk ; the large , lake-view beach ; an easy stroll to Epcot .
In addition , this is a first-class property , which rivals any Ritz .
In , Danny I enjoyed a fabulous vacation at Disney World .
Of all the places I've visited in my lifetime , this was by far my most magical adventure .
Sometimes , now , when I look at his broad shoulders baby soft facial hair ; when I hear his deep , intelligent voice ; when I watch him pull out of my mom's driveway ; I see a tired little boy dressed in mouse ears , waving flags on Main Street , collecting character autographs , wildly giggling at the top of his ten-year-old lungs .
On our last visit to Disney World , we did something called "resort-hopping " where you split your stay between two more resorts .
The second half of our stay was at the Wilderness Lodge .
Since this was the last time we 'd be staying at Disney with only 2 kids most of the rooms have a maximum occupancy of 4 , we we 'd better give it a shot now .
Walking into the lobby I was amazed .
There are totem poles a giant stone fireplace .
Artist Point offers a Winnie-the-Pooh character breakfast , while there 's good fun to be had at Whispering Canyon ( just ask for ketchup see what happens ) .
During our trip there was a lot of construction going on in this area , so I do n't know we got a fair sampling of the food , but it to be somewhat .
The rooms themselves are mainly in two wings .
We asked for received a room on the 5th floor overlooking the Magic Kingdom .
The minus is that this overlooks the smokehouse for the restaurant a delivery area .
Some people have said they found it noisy , but we did n't notice any outside noise .
The 5th floor balconies have a railing , while the 6th floor has decorative boards , making it harder for little ones to get a view tempting them to climb up to get one .
The double sink is outside of the bathroom has plenty of counter space .
There was also quite a bit of closet space .
One of the amenities the deluxe resorts have over moderates is a full room service of pizza delivery , Though we used it , the menu was very tempting 've been nice for a late-night snack after a day of touring the parks .
We do n't like to leave our kids on vacation , but I have heard from a lot of people that their kids look forward to spending this time away from Mom Dad .
But what we loved best about the Wilderness Lodge was the pool area .
Water runs out of the lobby down through a waterfall a "brook " into the pool .
Even in the cool early March nights , the two of them ask to go to the pool after a day in the parks .
There is also a wading pool for little swimmers two hot tubs .
In keeping with the Northwest theme , a geyser goes off every hour .
All of this area offers a clear view of Bay Lake .
you get out of doing this , it 's a good .
We started the tradition one year now they look forward to it .
The Magic Kingdom is just a short boat ride away from Wilderness Lodge .
There is also a marina , you watch the water pageant on the beach every night .
This resort is so interesting that Disney offers tours .
Inquire at guest services you are interested .
This is one of the resorts I love to stay at again I had the money cause we enjoyed it so much .
Disney 's Wilderness Lodge is definitely a one-of-a-kind resort .
My family I have been staying at Disney 's Polynesian Resort since it first opened , we 've been hooked on it !
Then we decided to try something different , that 's where the Wilderness Lodge came in .
As soon as you enter , the beautiful 6 story lobby surrounds you .
The check-in process was smooth most of the time , as it is in all Disney hotels ( with the exception of the time when they booked us for December 31 , 2000 of December 31 , 1999 ! ) .
The rooms are nice have good views pretty much all around .
Getting a room with bunk beds is a nice feature as well .
Disney certainly has spared expense putting together this resort .
Outside , there 's a huge pool , an awesome waterslide that starts inside a rock .
The transportation to from the resort poses a serious problem , however .
The monorail resorts ( Polynesian , Grand Floridian , Contemporary ) are very convenient because you just hop on a monorail go to the Magic Kingdom EPCOT.
On the contrary , here you wait for a crowded bus to come , sometimes for 20-30 minutes !
There is also boat transportation , but that is also slow , is kind of uncomfortable in the heat .
Another problem with the resort is the restaurants .
I guess they 're just my style .
The Artist 's Point Restaurant features mostly fish , the other restaurant is southern food .
The only food we really eat here was in the Roaring Forks snack bar , but there 's so many other restaurants located throughout the Walt Disney World Resort property .
You 'll always remember our stay at The Wilderness Lodge !
In New York for New Years 2003 ,
I had chosen to stay at the Essex House because of the millions of dollars in renovation that had been put into the hotel , the location , the Art Deco decor that I had read about .
It to me that the renovation money did go into the standard rooms of the hotel .
My room was very small as it was difficult to maneuver within the room 's limited space .
The room was dull with worn Old English furnishing .
There where handles off cabinet doors the room isolation from the outside neighboring rooms .
I was expecting the rooms to be furnished in Art Deco style as I had experienced at the Grand Hotel in Nuremberg Germany .
The only Art Deco decor that I had observed in the Hotel was in the entrance hall of the hotel .
As a Japanese owned Westin hotel , I had high expectations .
I had stayed at Westin hotels before , was disappointed until now .
The corridors are decorated with non tasteful wallpaper , the paint on room doors is often chiped needs repainting .
At breakfast , I was once again disappointed .
The chair cushions where worn torn , the seating arrangement was uncomfortable .
It was too crowded .
The breakfast was far from good as the bacon was dried up the coffee was dull .
Overall , I am very disappointed with the hotel , however I had a good time for New Years 2003 in New York city !
I am aware that the Riviera is often high on the list of travel package bargains , but it is a place I recommend to anyone .
For starters , the facade has a large bronze wall sculpture of the thong-wearing showgirls from one of their productions ( Splash ?
Crazy Girls ? ) .
Basically it is a wall of butts .
Classy .
Cheesy .
The Riviera is located on a part of the Strip that is removed from the more populated , safe , "happening " areas , which are mid-Strip South Strip .
The Riviera is located on North Strip is near the Stratosphere , Circus Circus , Slots-a-Fun , Silver City .
They are all old generation hotels are a painful walk from the newer properties on the Strip .
That part of the Strip is also palpably more seedy - on one occasion I witnessed a man standing next to a garbage , removing a rubber arm tie from his arm , after shooting up , judging by his appearance .
So for me , the Riviera is even on my list of "maybe " hotels when I go to Vegas .
To start off my review , let me put it quite simply :
WILDERNESS LODGE IS A FABULOUS PLACE TO STAY AT ON YOUR DISNEY WORLD VACATION.
Now , to expound on that a bit more ....
***RESORT LOBBY , RESTAURANTS , AMENITIES***
The " Disney magic " is abundantly felt seen in this huge log cabin of a resort , a resort made up in the style of old American Northwest Woods cabin .
you 're already in awe at the sight of this impressive building , you 're really in for a treat once you walk through the front doors into the enormous , open lobby .
In the background , playing fairly lightly are tunes from various western films such as Dances With Wolves , which you 've heard the songs from it , are beautiful tranquil to listen to .
Off to the right as you walk into the building is the Service Desk , where resort employees are available at all times to offer prompt courteous service .
I have to give credit to the help , since we made use of them several times they came off as being bothered by your questions were genuinely interested in helping you .
That be a pretty small thing for some people , but that small thing adds to the overall charm appeal of WL.
Within the main lobby are several small sitting places with comfortable chairs sofas .
We took advantage of these numerous times so we all play cards .
It was convenient , we managed to be friendly with the other guests who usually stopped by out of curiosity to see what we were doing .
To the left going down the ramp are the resorts main eating establishments , Artist Point ( the fancier , more expensive dinner-only restaurant which serves American cuisine requires you to make advance reservations ) , Whispering Canyon Cafe ( the more moderately priced family restaurant serving all three meals occasionally has a visit by a Disney character during breakfast ) , The Roaring Forks snack bar ( a quick easy counter-service area that serves up light snacks meal items any time of the day ) .
you do n't make the turn down to the Roaring Forks continue outside , you 're in the pool area of the resort .
The main pool is heated , but on the small side .
There 's also a kiddie pool 2 hot tubs for you to use when crowded already .
There 's a path that leads out to the dock where you take the ferry to the Magic Kingdom over to Fort Wilderness .
Set among a number of weeping willow trees , walking along here adds to the rustic of the atmosphere felt all over the Wilderness Lodge Resort .
you 're back in the lobby facing the Service Desk , there 's another walkway to the left of it , leading to , among other things , the bus stop from which you make your way to the theme parks , other resorts , anything else within Disney property .
Also , along this way is the resort arcade , containing a number of video games for the children , the Wilderness Lodge Mercantile , a general store of sorts from which you purchase snacks , shirts , toys , personal supplies .
( QUICK TIP ) - I found on my last visit that some of the same snack items be found both in the Roaring Forks eatery as well as in the Wilderness Lodge Mercantile , in some cases cheaper in one of these spots the other .
***ROOMS***
My only real complaint about the room is that it was pretty small with few extras for the price we were paying for it per day .
Also , the beds take up most of the width of the room the corners of the beds only come up so far so that it 's really easy to bump your shin on it while walking through the room .
There 's also a small balcony depending on what you 're willing to pay for the room , you get a view of the woods that hide the resort from the road , you get a beautiful view overlooking the pool area Bay Lake .
I prefer this view only for the nightly view of the Electric Water Pageant that makes its way around the lake displaying some brightly colored light pictures while music plays .
***ROOM RATES***
There are 4 main time periods , seasons , during which the room rates vary .
Disney calls them " Value" , " Peak" , " Regular" , " Holiday " time .
me , you want to be sure of which time period your vacation falls into because you be paying ( according to 2002 prices ) $ 194 per night upwards of $ 309 .
There are a number of Internet websites , including Disney 's own , that will give you the exact time frame for each season some that provide you instructions for calling getting some pretty good discounts on resort rooms .
For example , check out www.mousesavers.com
you 'll see what I mean .
***TRANSPORTATION***
As mentioned earlier , there 's a dock for the ferry there 's a bus-stop in front of the resort .
These are the main two means of getting to whereever you wish to go in Disney World .
The ferry ride is very relaxing , especially on a beautifully sunny , cloudless day , when going to coming from a day at the Magic Kingdom .
I had a minor complaint on the last visit with the buses quite being on time .
I on several occasions we ended up waiting there nearly 30 minutes which is pretty aggravating for those already impatient in wanting to get to the parks on those rides .
***FINAL THOUGHTS***
I had a truly great time during my stay at the Wilderness Lodge , I really did .
many take the time to check out the resort because they 're so busy wanting to see do everything they in Disney World , but I advise you as a future guest to walk through it see what you .
From the moment you set foot through the door , you get a very cozy , inviting , warm feeling from the place that feeling lasts the entire length of your stay .
The service is great , you get a good night 's rest , as a resort guest are also treated to free refills on coffee after your initial purchase of a resort mug.
Wilderness Lodge is an extremely well-done Disney resort , very relaxing , a treat to stay at , you 're guaranteed to have a great time in an already great vacation destination .
From the first time you set your eyes on Treasure Island you to see pirates coming out to greet you with a hardy " Ahoy Mateys . "
You have to remember that you are in Las Vegas on an island full of pirates .
Exterior
Treasure Island is located right next door to the Mirage Hotel on the Las Vegas strip .
The two hotels are connected by a tram that you ride between the two any time night day .
This marvelous hotel , upon your arrival , will immediately take you back to the time of Captain Hook .
The exterior is well kept you notice the giant pirate ship right away .
At night this ship turns into the battle of good evil with shows 2 to 3 times a night .
Once Inside
Once inside you will find the pirate theme carried throughout the hotel casino .
The decorations are bright colorful the entire place is extremely clean .
We arrived at the front desk ready for check in , we were with a large group from my husband 's company , the desk was well staffed handled this large group very quickly efficiently .
This being a business meeting for my husband , he was very pleased with a quick check in since it give him some time in the casino before the first meeting .
We were given the key to our room pointed to elevators with a warm thank you enjoy your stay .
Our Room
The pirate theme was carried out in our room also , but it was dark dreary , but decorated with bright up to date colors .
The Casino
This is the best part of this hotel .
It is large roomy , with a very helpful staff .
It has all of the normal games such as Blackjack , Craps , Roulette , Caribbean Stud Poker lots of Slot Machines .
I love Keno this casino has the best Keno Bar on the strip I .
The chairs here are quite comfortable the Keno staff is a ton of fun to spend time around .
My husband was n't quite as impressed with the dealers at the table games , he did n't to they were quite as friendly as some of the other hotels .
Food
We had breakfast each morning at the cafe located right off the casino .
Since the men were in a meeting , the wives all met for breakfast each day .
We had quite a large group were always quickly seated waited on .
The wait staff were very efficient always close by we needed anything .
The prices were very reasonable the food was great .
We ate lunch many times at the little deli which had great sandwiches for a very good price .
We did get to see parts of it on Treasure Island TV were very disappointed that we did n't get to see it for ourselves .
Meeting Banquet Rooms
They were well stocked with snacks drinks each day for each of his meetings .
The rooms were large they did n't packed in like sardines .
We had a banquet on the last night of our stay at Treasure Island the food , staff room were all very good .
Overall
We had so much fun here found everything to be in great shape .
you are looking for a place for a business meeting just a great place for a getaway this is definitely the place for you !
Just watch out for those Pirates !
Ahoy Mateys !
We have been taking family trips to Disney World since the time this collection of resorts theme parks was almost Small Town , certainly compared with the mature ( over-developed ? )
Disney World of today .
There were just three hotels then -- the Contemporary , the Polynesian the Golf Resort ( since rechristened the Disney Inn then Shades o'Green ) -- one attraction , the Magic Kingdom .
In the intervening years , we stayed at many of the hotels , at the campground too , always found the resorts several cuts above those we experienced everywhere else .
Landscaping , imaginative swimming areas , exceptionally attractive rooms common areas -- the Disney Resorts had it all .
this was true in every price range .
Yo! Giant Coke sculpture ; what was that about ?
I the several-story-high sports equipment sculptures be fun , but a Coke cup ?
Beyond this in-your-face commercialism , the All Star Sports Resort is just tacky looking , sort of a Motel 6 on steroids .
Even the doors look cheesy .
Part of a complex of similar , themed , low-budget motels the All Stars scream low-budget in a way that lower-priced area motels , including Days Inn La Quinta , too popular off-site competitors , do .
The All Star resorts look like what they are : Disney 's attempt to keep every Orlando dollar onsite .
The company does want to cede any business to competitors on International Drive , a strip just filled with economical motels , so it offers this under-$ 100 motel to budget-conscious travelers .
In fairness , I have read comments on various Disney Internet message boards that many visitors do enjoy their stays here after they get over the initial shock of seeing the place , most do report that , yes , the giant sculptures are a bit disconcerting .
There is a very large pool , but again , it looks low-budget .
Unlike other Disney resort pools , this one is surrounded by landscaping , it does offer shade .
There is a cafeteria-style eating area .
On our first visit , we noticed that little packets of peanut butter jelly were out on the condiment counter along with Saltines .
This cafeteria is exceptional in any way , but is pleasant enough .
In the debate over to stay on-site off-site while visiting Disney World other Orlando-area attractions , I the choice were this motel an off-site motel , I go off-site where there are many more attractive lodgings for less money .
I anyone choosing to stay at the All Star Sports Resort do well to rent a car .
This place is pretty isolated from the most desirable sections of the Disney World complex .
I was really a bit frightened that it be , well , stinky .
I have been in the downtown Fremont area before (usually late night taxi rides from the Strip ) ... but had stayed at any of the hotels there .
I was quite pleasantly surprised !
The staff were extremely accommodating friendly , the rooms were nicely sized very affordable .
I have why , it have been because we booked the rooms through www.tripreservations.com ,
but anyway - we did argue .
This was a great treat because it allowed us room service twice , tip included !
I say the room service food was excellent , top notch , with prompt delivery .
The only thing that scare someone off , especially someone new to Vegas who know what to - is that the hotels streets surrounding the Nugget be a bit seedy .
This has drawn a few more family types down to the area , but while you be watching the light show with your wife - you just get cat-called by one of the strippers canvasing the crowd in front of Glitter Gulch .
I will also say , steer clear of " Mermaids " a small , stinky , machine only mini casino with the cheapest liquor in tiny cups ( they do pour anything but flat tap beer disgusting well liquor ) some of the scariest Coney Dogs with faux nacho cheese sauce I have ever seen .
It used to be a tostada bar , bad then .
This place is a design nightmare , you do go ( maybe you like design nightmares ) check out the costumes on the mermaid/Carmen Miranda girls .
What are they ?
too far of a walk to the Golden Gate Hotel , established in 1906 , with 99-cent shrimp cocktails that rock !
All in all we had a really great stay at the Golden Nugget .
I definitely stay there again
The Golden Nugget is the best hotel in downtown Las Vegas by far !
you go during the week you get fantastic rates .
My husband travels to Vegas weekly for business so he stays there at least 2 nights a week .
The rooms are luxurious , elegant very clean , with beautiful decor .
The bathrooms are nice , roomy , pretty clean .
They have a non-smoking floor , but I have on occasion stayed in non-smoking rooms there that stink like smoke .
When this has happened I call housekeeping they come right up deoderize the room for me .
It helps a little .
What are you gonna do ?
The pool is very nice with plenty of chaises in the shade a misting system .
They also have cabanas that be reserved for $ 50.00 a day .
It 's a luxury but worth it .
She .
In the cabana there is a t .v. , refrigerator stocked with fruit platter bottled water , patio table and 4 chairs , 2 pool mattresses , 2 reserved chaises with towels .
It was very nice , the cabana attendant assigned to us was very attentive helpful .
We even ordered lunch out there .
There was also a misting system in the cabana .
It 's rather small by some hotel 's standards , but it 's very beautiful I had trouble finding a seat for black jack !
There are several restaurants ; California Pizza Kitchen ( I highly recommend it ) , Lilly Langtrys which is a chinese/steak type restaurant is on the pricier side ( haven't been there , but have seen the menu ) , The Buffet is decent , but there 's almost always a huge line - Golden Nugget is famous for their bread pudding (ick ) , which I do n't like but other people rave about the prices are reasonable .
The Coffee Shop ( ca n't remember the name ) is very good , usually too bad a wait you go at off hours .
They have the best french toast I have ever eaten - The Nugget French Toast .
It 's Hawaiian Sweet Bread covered with bananas pecans , my mouth is watering !
So you go walk from hotel to hotel , dying of heat prostration .
I like to gamble at the Golden Gate ( when I 'm feeling cheap ) because they have $ 3 tables .
However , I recommend walking outside of Fremont Street as the surrounding areas are a little scary .
I definitely recommend the Golden Nugget ( oh , did I mention free parking for hotel guests ? ) it 's beautifully appointed , luxurious you hit it just right , cheap .
Yes , I know .
Pretty corny .
But how often do you get to say it really mean it ?
I was fortunate enough to stay at the Ritz-Carlton in San Francisco on business while covering a conference being held at the hotel .
This was one of those times I definitely enjoyed it .
Whisk Me Away to a Wonderful Room
The room was large rectangular with a big , luscious king-size bed .
A fluffy down coverlet on a deliciously inviting bed was more than I resist .
The armoire held a 25 inch television there was a writing desk , as well as two upholstered chairs .
My room had two large windows that were draped in softly muted colors .
I found myself wishing that my master bedroom at home was as large comfortably furnished .
A Great Bathroom
Next on my list to explore was the bathroom .
The Italian marble sparkled large , fluffy towels awaited me .
There were double sinks with plenty of room for me to stash my necessities .
At times like this I really wish I was a bath person , of a shower person .
I have enjoyed soaking in a hot bubbly tub admiring the beautiful surroundings .
Plenty of Extras
There was a nice large closet , complete with two terry bathrobes , ironing board iron , as well as extra pillows blankets .
I be for anything in the room .
The Overall Elegance
After admiring my room finally unpacking , it was time for me to get ready for dinner .
We had reservations for our group I wanted a little time before dinner to look around the hotel .
The sounds of a grand piano drew me toward a beautiful high-ceiling room that looked almost as much like a cathedral as it did a hotel .
It was very beautifully elegantly decorated .
I remember lots of fresh flowers large paintings well-dressed people buzzing about .
I did n't want to dawdle too long , staring like a country girl come to town for the first time .
But being my usual bumpkinish self I had to take in the atmosphere for a while before following the hallway toward the dining room .
Dinner for 10 , Please
We had a fairly large party ( about 10 of us ) so we were seated at a long table .
The service was excellent the dinner had been pre-arranged for us with a choice of chicken beef .
The beef medallions were tasty tender served with fresh vegetables .
Pass the butter , please !
The dining room was elegant , yet so formal that I felt uncomfortable .
We took our time enjoying our meal chatting with fellow employees we had n't seen in a while .
Ah , Room Service !
The following day , I had breakfast delivered to my room .
( One of the great joys of business travel for me . )
It was so nice going to the door in my Ritz bathrobe letting the waiter deliver my food .
I 'm certain I went over my meal allowance but the bacon was crisp , the juice was freshly-squeezed , the pastries were delicious .
My breakfast was promptly courteously served most definitely enjoyed .
Meeting Facilities
The hotel accommodate several fairly large meetings in the banquet area .
Our meeting was held in a large high-ceilinged ballroom , with lovely chandeliers throughout the room .
There was a very basic lunch served as part of the meeting ( cold sandwiches , chips , drinks ) .
As each of the participants had to pay the cost of lunch as part of the attendance fee , they had chosen one of the more economical options .
It was certainly nothing like the dinner we had the evening before .
Very Nice Overall Experience
I had complaints at all about the Ritz-Carlton during my stay .
The room was comfortable with everything I needed , the food was good , the service prompt polite .
As I was only there for two days busy with a conference I did n't get to check out all the available facilities at the hotel but everything I experienced was excellent .
I stayed here for three nights while in Fort Lauderdale on business .
while this hotel is in dire need of refurbishment , it 's location makes up for some of its short comings .
I checked into the Sheraton Yankee Clipper Hotel in early December '02 .
My accommodations were in the beach tower ; in order to get to them , I had to go back outside walk through the parking area .
I had a standard ocean view room with typical Sheraton amenities including a king sized bed , 20 inch color TV with cable , computer hook-up , a decent sized bathroom plenty of complementary toiletries .
The clean bath towels provided by the hotel were rough , thin small .
The pillows on the bed were old flat .
I had to request extra pillows , even the ones brought to the room were just as as bad .
All hotel towels were the same quality ; although I had lots of extras , they were all thin worn .
All the beds I checked out to be on a concrete platform .
Some people , including my husband , prefer this arrangement .
However , it was too stiff for me to ever comfortable .
The hotel was situated in a fairly good location .
The wide stretch of beach along Fort Lauderdale 's waterfront was spectacular .
Unfortunately , the lounge chairs umbrellas on the beach were owned by a concession who charged $ 15/day .
I refused to pay this amount to enjoy a few hours in the sun .
But most people I spoke to paid to do so , as the hotel 's pool areas ( two of them ) consisted of a square pool , concrete decking few lounge chairs some tables with umbrellas chairs .
Considering my employer paid a corporate rate ( $ $ $ ) , I have for the money , this hotel have been typical of other Sheraton resorts elsewhere .
There was a restaurant on the premises , which always empty , a quiet lounge with happy hour munchies ( bad ) entertainment ( at least when I was there ) .
The vast majority of clientele , from what I tell , were foreign visitors on holiday airline employees staying the night .
Some of the people I ran into on Sunday night were there as part of a pre-cruise package .
way , it , most people used this hotel only to sleep to freshen-up by night go elsewhere for entertainment by day .
Other hotels in the area had landscaped pool areas where clientele spent more time enjoying the facilities .
One other couple I had met who arranged to stay here with a cruise line said they paid $ 90/night .
there was one positive aspect , it was the hotel 's location .
Across the street at the Bahia Mar Hotel , is the water taxi stop .
For a few bucks , you take the water taxi to excellent restaurants , shopping points of interest tour the mansions of Fort Lauderdale along the water ways while in transit .
I found it enjoyable during the day as well as at night .
The beach front by the hotel also offers the best beach volleyball in Fort Lauderdale ; good competition you play fun to watch you do n't .
There are good restaurants a short walk away , public transportation that picks you up drops you off at the front of the hotel .
Cab fare to from the airport Port Everglades was around $ 12 including tip .
.
For a one night stay , it 's fine , but given the fact that the Embassy Suites Amerisuites both have comparable prices much better amenities ( though on the beach ) , I be inclined to recommend one of them for a pre post cruise stay .
On the other hand , I got the Sheraton Yankee Clipper from a winning Priceline bid of $ 30 $ 40 , I 'd consider it a great deal , regardless of my opinion .
Do n't forget , my employer paid a lot to have me stay here ; under similar circumstances , I 'd recommend going elsewhere .
Good luck !
Disney 's Beach Club resort is truly beautiful , relaxing , perfectly situated .
The pool , called Stormalong Bay ( shared by both resorts ) is the Beach Club 's jewel , the element that keeps families coming back : it 's huge , with lots of nooks crannies bridges , a sand-covered bottom of typical concrete , a big water slide .
You spend days hanging around these sister resorts run out of things to do !
Dining
Directly across from the Yacht Beach Club is the Boardwalk resort , which is just a 5-minute walk away , there are tons of dining entertainment options over there ( the Boardwalk looks beautiful all lit up at night , you 've got a lagoon view room ) .
The dining choices at the Yacht and Beach Club are n't shabby , : Cape Cafe offers a character buffet breakfast in the morning a non-character ( but delicious ) clambake buffet at night , with menu items such as clam chowder , fresh clams , corn on the cob , new potatoes , chicken , rice , salad bar , the most scrumptious dessert bar in WDW ( to mention a kid 's section with fried shrimp , chicken tenders , etc. ) .
Hurricane Hannah 's is a snack bar by the pool where you find burgers , tuna sandwiches , etc . drinks ( alcoholic non ) to eat on the patio take back to your poolside chair .
A full 24-hour room service menu is available .
Accommodations
Guest rooms are spacious comfortable : two queen-sized beds , large bathroom with two outside sinks , a table with two chairs , a couch that serves as a bed , TV , mini-bar in every room .
Housekeeping does a great job of keeping your room beautiful .
Most rooms have balconies , but some upper-floor rooms only have tiny balconies which barely hold 2 people standing upright--if you want a full balcony with chairs , you definitely request one when you 're making reservations , then again ( by fax phone ) a few days before you check in .
My only Beach Club room complaint is that there is very little storage space for clothes--only a few large drawers , a standing chest of small drawers , very much closet space/hangers .
Transportation
Transportation is pretty darned good at this non-monorail resort : 10-minute boat launch to Disney Studios , bus service to the Magic Kingdom Animal Kingdom , you take a scenic walk to EPCOT Center ( entering through the World Showcase ...only a 5-minute walk , that .
; ) ) You also take a boat launch to EPCOT.
Overall , Disney 's Beach Club knows how to make a good time for the whole family--anyone staying at the Yacht and Beach Club has so many options just a few steps away .
Located on the Northern end of the Las Vegas Strip , The Riviera is instantly recognizable by it 's huge glittering billboard tower .
Uh , yeah , I have some nice lakefront property in Pahrump I 'd like to sell you !
Surrounded by tacky joints such as Westward Ho Circus Circus , it 's , in the dark , to see the Riviera in her finest lights .
Walk inside to your immediate left is the a pitch man with microphone , extolling the riches to be had at the $ 40 for 20 booth .
We stayed in the San Remo ( Pool ) Tower , one of the two older towers , facing a decent-sized pool .
A narrow room with fading carpet two double beds over-priced at $ 89 a night .
The little containers of generic lotion , shampoo soap went right into my travel bag , the need to salvage something from the convention package gone wrong .
A 2 for 1 coupon for the World 's Fare Buffet was the sole reason for trying this .
Remember your school cafeteria ?
you liked said cafeteria , you will enjoy this one , replete with steamed overcooked fried fish , meatloaf , fried chicken , mashed potatoes , canned-tasting veggies all the brown-edged iceberg lettuce you care to sink your teeth into .
Plenty of jello stale tasting cake in case you 're still hungry .
Quantity versus quality does a deal make !
Katy 's Coffee Shop was surprisingly good .
Once the brassy hostess heard we wanted the non-smoking section , you we had insulted her personally .
Patting her lacquered bouffant into place she that she was going to open a new section just for us , we have to step aside wait .
The Chinese food is very tasty fresh , the late night breakfast Chinese specials were a deal at $ 2.99 .
( Yes , I did leave a tip , as the waitress was blameless , but I got in the habit of carrying around comment cards to complete ! )
The casino itself is very smokey , to pride itself on hidden bathrooms .
( Hint : there 's one to the right of the hotel registration desk , down a short hallway . )
A lot of room is devoted to slots of all sorts , trust me , this casino is n't giving anything away , folks .
The production show , Splash , combines motorcycles , reed thin show girls , an annoying comedian , some Ester Williams synchronized swimming .
It 's dated , so I only try it with one of the 2 for 1 coupons from the freebie mags , such as What 's On .
Most guys will gravitate to the cheesy girlie show , Crazy Girls .
As I was waiting for another show , I studied the long lines of glazed-eyed zombies exiting the show .
Did I mention I was there for a Psychiatric Nursing convention ?
Besides Nickel Town , the only reason I visit the Riviera , be the excellent female impersonation show , An Evening At La Cage .
I still have fond memories of Frank Marino , ( , that Frank Marino , he 's in Canada ) , as Joan Rivers .
This is one super talented guy , there are some great numbers with Judy , Cher , Madonna the rest of the girls , really putting their hearts into it .
you have kids , try Circus Circus , right across the street , with room deals that make sense for this part of the Strip .
Sandwiches beer deals at Westward Ho be recommended , you will find a nice center strip hotel , ( try Treasure Island ) , for the same price you 'd wind up paying here .
you 're considering staying on-site at Disney World , choose a moderate .
The All-Star resorts are roughly equivalent to any of a myriad of off-site motels at a Disney price .
( Re : HIGH)
Large groups of junior high high school kids tend to stay here making the resort noisy .
In our first ( only ) stay here there were two incidents involving kids from these groups .
In the first , a group of kids riding the bus back to the resort literally were terrorizing the passengers on the bus .
We were on that bus , but on a bus that had pulled in behind it , had the opportunity to talk to the people who were coming off of the bus involved .
One woman had two kids in tears she was on the verge of crying herself .
The other incident was also on a bus returning as we were subjected to a group of Pee-Wee football players using very colorful language with regard to the kids around them .
Their chaperones 've cared less were only interested in getting back to the resort so they "kick back with a few beers watch Monday Night Football" .
Now , while I do n't Disney is responsible for the behavior of these groups , they have also done nothing to curtail their behavior .
We were the only ones to have these problems .
I know of people who Disney moved to Deluxe Moderate Resorts after enduring sleepless nights on account of noisy , rowdy behavior .
The rooms at the All-Stars are small .
Although it states that it accomodate four adults , I four adults find these quarters to be very cramped .
The rooms have two double beds , one bathroom , a television armoire a small table with two chairs .
of the bottles of " Mickey " shampoo " Mickey " soaps in the bathroom , there is a dispenser in the shower .
Therefore , families groups traveling together who the solution is to just book two rooms open up a door between the rooms ca n't be guaranteed that will work .
The only case Disney will guarantee this is you are one adult traveling with four kids - the kids end up in a room by themselves .
They are also crowded are noisy .
There is sit-down restaurant as an alternative .
The food quality is just what I call adequate .
I 'd much rather go off-site to one of the buffets on 192 such as Ponderosa Golden Corral .
I 'd spend less money for at least as good quality .
I also be subjected to cheerleaders who use the food court as their personal grooming space , spraying hairspray into my food .
The pools are more in line with a typical motel rather than the themed pools we 've come to at Disney Resorts .
Other Disney Resorts have nice slides zero-entry depth pools .
Many of the Resorts even have one more "quiet " pool areas where you get away from all of the kids at the main pool .
This is the case at the All-Stars .
Everyone uses the same pools .
The closes we found to a quiet pool was just as active as the main pool .
In reality , the two are just a short distance apart .
Towels are provided at the pool you have to bring your own from your room .
The only plus of the All-Stars over off-site is proximity saving rental car fees due to Disney bus service .
On our visit , we found the bus service at this resort to be compared to others .
I stay at the All-Stars again .
Given the choice , I rather stay at an off-site resort at one of the hotels in Downtown Disney .
One year I stayed at Disney 's Yacht Beach Club .
The outside of the hotel is extraordinary .
It is surrounded by a beautiful beach .
Too bad they do n't let you swim in the water though .
The signs do n't stop the ducks from swimming in the water though .
They even have quarter machines for you to purchase food for the ducks (yet another way for Mickey Mouse to make money )
All of the Disney resorts have great pools .
The Yacht Beach Club has the nicest pool of them all .
The pool , which goes on forever , has 2 sections .
Part of the pool is deep , while the other part , which is good for children , is shallow .
In the middle of the shallow part is an oasis of sand where the children build sand castles .
I have gone on it because I am scared of water slides .
It looks like a lot of fun though .
I love to eat .
This hotel has many eating options .
When you 're tanning by the pool , you eat at Hurricane Hannah 's .
Do n't want to get up to get your food ?
problem !
You ask one of the waitresses who walks around the pool to get you your food .
They have the best burgers , curly fries , salads .
They also serve great daiquiri 's .
In the mood for a cold , refreshing drink ?
Make a stop at Beaches Cream .
These drinks are very refreshing after a hard day at the pool .
Dinner time ?
They have shrimp , ribs , chicken , steamers , muscles , crab legs , many other items .
The desserts are incredible !
I usually do n't like the desserts that they have at buffets , but this place is n't like all of the others !
Whenever a T.V. family goes to Disney World , they almost always stay at the Yacht Beach Club .
It 's wonde
Ahoy there , matey .
I stayed at Treasure Island in Las Vegas in late 2001 .
Of my four trips to Vegas , this was my best hotel experience yet .
Treasure Island is excellent for a number of reasons , with location being a top bonus .
Treasure Island's location allows easy access to the strip , the convenient tram to the Mirage saves time sun exposure .
One of my favorite things about the hotel is that it is very easy to get from the front entrance to the guest elevators .
In other hotels , with NYNY MGM being prime examples , the guest elevators are obscured in the midst of the casino .
At Treasure Island , it is a straight shot from the door to the guest elevators .
The Room
Treasure Island boasts its spectacular views of the Pirate Battle the volcano at the Mirage .
Well , we checked in had a view of a roof .
Ok , so it was n't quite the Pirate Battle , but how many times did we look out the window during the weekend ?
About three;and only to make sure the sun was still shining .
The room was a standard size , with two queen beds , a table chairs , a TV cabinet There were two mirrored closets , a roomy bathroom with a large tub .
The beds were comfortable , everything in the room was in good condition .
We had enough room to store all of our luggage tripping over it , we found enough outlets for our hairdryers , curling irons , immersion heaters , nightlights , etc .
Amenities
Even so , it was still nice for a relaxing afternoon swim .
Treasure Island has one main pool , a smaller children's pool , a large hot tub .
Lounge chairs , cabanas , poolside service are readily available .
My main complaint about the pool is that to get to it , guests walk through the main part of the hotel shopping area , right past the Mystere theatre .
That is the most comfortable stroll to take when you are dripping wet unkempt .
I did try any of the spa services offered at Treasure Island , but they had a nice selection of massages , facials , manicures , etc . available for guests .
Dining
Treasure Island has several restaurants to choose from .
For casual all-day dining , there is the Terrace Caf챕 .
The caf챕 features a standard menu of American meals snacks .
In addition to a number of other casual caf챕s snack bars , Treasure Island has several fine-dining establishments .
The Buccaneer Bay restaurant offers a gourmet menu private view of the pirate battle .
For any of the restaurants , it is important to consider reservations and/or waiting time .
The Terrace Caf챕 in particular is very busy .
The Pirate Battle at Treasure Island is always an interesting event .
Overall
While it be the newest most spectacular , Treasure Island has nearly as much to offer as the other strip hotels .
It is a great 'home base ' for your trip to Vegas .
A little note of interest to those concerned about safety
Late on Sunday afternoon as I was napping , I was jolted awake by the sound of an alarm .
A calm voice said something to the effect of 혩This is the early warning fire alarm system .
Please review the safety instructions in your guest manual .
We will update you after further investigation ' I quickly dressed gathered easy-to-carry valuables , then stood by the map of my fire escape route awaiting further instruction .
I did n't smell smoke see flames , but heard sirens coming toward the hotel .
After about ten minutes , an all-clear was announced , everything went back to normal .
I have to admit I was impressed by the hotel's fire preparedness .
Imagine evacuating a giant hotel/casino clear instructions .
It is with considerable trepidation that I commence on a review of the Benson Hotel that refutes tombarnes ' excellent review of this same property .
Still , one of the hallmarks of a really good hotel is consistency of service , while I 'm willing to concede that my review is based on a sample size of only one , I my conclusions are nevertheless valid .
my is this : you wo n't find me staying at The Benson again .
As a native Portlander , I have of course always been aware of this place , with its distinctive architecture , prime location , ridiculously liveried doormen .
Most locals hesitate to name The Benson Hotel as the luxury lodging in town .
It 's a favorite for wedding nights , prom nights , anniversaries , for sleazy but high-dollar office liaisons too .
For my money , however , regardless of your intent , you do better than The Benson .
The hotel :
Built in 1912 by local timber baron Simon Benson , the hotel lobby displays all the style excess of the boom era in which it was built .
The lobby features beautiful wood paneling , ornate finish work , a chummy bar area .
Chandeliers , marble floors , a grand piano add to the elegance of the space .
Unfortunately ( this is by means a phenomenon limited to The Benson ) , the lobby also features hoardes of slack-jawed gawkers , at least half of whom are wearing bermuda shorts talking too loudly .
The room is n't especially large , the hubbub of traffic makes it a less dignified special place than the decor .
I this is a vestigial reminder of the hotel's boom days , when smoking was a far more prevalent practice .
Every table in the lobby holds an ashtray , despite olfactory evidence that anyone has actually smoked in that room since Simon Benson his buddies sparked up their Havanas at the hotel's gala opening .
Best I tell , the rack rate for rooms at The Benson range from around $ 200 to well over $ 500 per night .
When we checked in , the desk clerk offered us our choice of a smoking room with a king-sized bed a non-smoking room with two double beds .
I realize that Priceline makes guarantees regarding the room , but my usual experience is that the hotel will do its best to accommodate visitor preferences .
Our choices were offered in such a desultory , offhand , "take it leave it " fashion that I got peeved loudly that we indeed leave it find lodging elsewhere .
Our room :
Upon entering the elevator , we experienced a momentary burst of enthusiasm when we realized that our 12th floor room was at the top of the hotel , with only the astronomically-priced penthouse suites above us .
Upon entering our room , however , all thoughts of luxury and/or panoramic views fled .
Our room was , uh , cozy , particularly given the large footprint of two double beds .
However , any consideration of the room its amenities was completely overshadowed by the view , which was spectacularly bad - indeed , I do n't know that I 've ever experienced a worse one .
you want to experience our view , step outside , stand in a parking lot , bend 90 degrees at the waist focus intently on the view at your feet - that 's what we saw ( minus your feet , of course ) .
Our windows looked about 30 feet directly across an interior airwell to an absolutely featureless concrete wall .
The scary part , of course , is that we were near the very top of the building , benefited from at least a little light from the sky - I really pity the poor folks who pay rack rate for a gloomy fourth floor view of the same thing .
For an old building , the room was in adequate , pristine , condition .
Lighting was sketchy at best ... at some point in the evening I tried to find something in the closet , it was only by dumb luck that my flailing arms hit a dangling string that was attached to a bulb in the closet .
Additionally , the desk lamp ( which provided the only light other than the wall switch-controlled bedside lamp ) was inoperable .
The walls fixtures were in decent shape , with trademark beige , white , black window coverings shower curtain ( which I found eerily reminiscent of Yasser Arafat 's headcovering ) , mottled beige walls , a couple of boring pictures , so-so linens .
Amenities included a ludicrously-priced honor bar , two nice terrycloth robes , a two-line phone .
Resident bathroom expert PrfStars reports that that room suffered from the of a fan that the toiletries were only marginal .
of separate shampoo conditioner , The Benson offers a " conditioning shampoo" , which is evidently a bad thing .
Anyway , in addition , a small shelf in the bathroom held a shower cap ( does anyone actually use those anymore ? ) , sewing kit , rosemary-scented body wash ( " Who wants to smell like focaccia ? "
PrfStars ) , of course the obligatory lint-free all-purpose cloth thing .
Oh , a glass jar of cotton balls swabs , which sort of skeeved me , like other people had been fumbling around in the same jar .
The Benson offers nightly turn-down service .
When we returned from dinner , our room had been straightened up , sheets turned down , a couple of chocolates placed on the nightstand .
Nevertheless , it was a nice touch , I guess .
A final , comprehensive gripe :
The most significant impression I got from our stay at The Benson was of rampant utterly unwarranted price gouging .
I have problem with a hotel charging premium prices for unique and/or high quality products .
But when I'm asked to pay three four times the market price for ubiquitous , easily obtainable things , I just exploited .
The rooms are substantially overpriced , at least at the rates that most guests will pay .
Ancillary services , such as parking , honor bar , laundry , business services are equally inflated .
But nowhere is overpricing more evident than in the hotel 's dining options .
Both offer decent , stuffy , food service at prices that make places like The Palm Morton's like a Vegas buffet .
We happily passed on both .
Similarly , the room service menu was so inflated as to be utterly laughable .
That's $ 20.40 for a breakfast that has an intrinsic value of about five bucks .
Include me out .
Wrong .
Well , I mean , we were low-rent Priceline customers , but I do n't that ever be a reason for less than standard service - therefore , I have to conclude that even had we paid full rate , we have received the same service , the same room .
With an abundance of nearby lodging dining alternatives , I don't see any compelling reason to ever visit The Benson Hotel again .
" The Benson Hotel in the heart of downtown Portland , Oregon , provides travelers a truly unique experience among even the most distinct Portland hotels . "
While I intuitively grasp what this tortured sentence is attempting to say , I really wish someone shoot it in the head put it out of my misery .
The Ritz Carlton knows how to make you special on a day of celebration .
People of all ages were in the tea room enjoying an afternoon with friends family , most for a special occasion .
I was there with my father some friends , celebrating my birthday .
My father had told me to tell them that I was there to meet him "at the sofa in the corner . "
It sounded very cryptic , but as soon as I told the hostess , she nodded knowingly as my arrival was something they had been waiting for all week !
We were seated our other guests arrived we each ordered from the tea menu .
Beautiful tea sandwiches came in a lovely assortment of Norwegian Smoked Salmon with Pickled Onion Caviar , Cucumber , Roquefort Walnuts , Prosciutto Asparagus Tips , Egg Chive , Tomato Mozarella on Foccacia .
In addition to the dainty sandwiches , all menus offered sophisticated tea cakes , madeleines , tartlettes , scones , with a delicious lemon curd cream .
The Royal Tea included a champagne cocktail of choice a bowl of fresh strawberries cream .
I was seduced by the sound of China Rose tea was told that my choice is the most popular at the Ritz Carlton .
Others in my party chose vanilla , which smelled divine , mint .
one was disappointed with their choice of tea .
My choice was soothing indulgent it was constantly refilled kept warm for my enjoyment .
We were surprised that we became full on our afternoon tea .
At first glance of the tea sandwiches , my boyfriend groaned with misery at the of remaining hungry for the afternoon , but by the time we were finishing off the pastries , he was refusing another bite .
Everything is surprisingly filling keep you appeased until a late dinner .
Service was almost flawless we were made to like royalty .
It was a wonderful treat for my birthday celebration .
I was presented with a surprise plate of strawberries cream with candles a happy birthday message drizzled in chocolate on the edge of the plate .
It was a wonderful alternative to those restaurants where the waiters embarrass you by singing a birthday song clapping in your face .
My surprise dessert at the Ritz Carlton was wonderfully subtle allowed the moment to be enjoyed by the people at my table the whole room !
I look forward to taking tea more often .
I trips to the Ritz Carlton be in my regular schedule , but I am researching slightly less expensive places to take tea in San Francisco .
Please check back as I will surely be reviewing other afternoon teas !
Update 18 , 2001 : Took another afternoon tea with Mom for Mother 's Day .
Lovely service as the first time , tea was a little oversteeped .
But I did find out that the China Rose Petal tea that I love is made by Taylors of Harrogate , an English tea company .
I highly recommend this tea !
The last time I visited the Riviera was several years ago .
I did n't particularly like the atmosphere anything about it .
walking thru the casino was a little reminiscent of walking thru a library .
The casino was extremely quiet .
For a moment I almost felt like I be whispering .
Hopefully it 's changed since my last visit .
As far as playing the slots , I did n't even bother .
My decision to play in a casino is usually based on there 's any noise .
I did n't even hear a coin drop .
For me that 's a good sign .
The sound of coins , music , even people screaming ( for winning of course ) is the draw .
Vegas is about excitement the Riviera was in that department .
The minute that I pulled up to this hotel , I was awaited by the bell man in their proper blue jackets , welcoming us to one of the greatest cities in the country , San Francisco .
This was my first time here , I knew that staying at the Ritz certainly displease me , but the overall stay was much better than what I imagined .
There was so much to do just inside the hotel that it made touring the city boring .
First of all , there are many restaurants located throughout the large hotel .
Anything from the garden restaurant , to the little lobby restaurant for tea cookies , to the award winning dining room , voted the best in San Francisco .
Though , beware , look at the prices before you order .
Nothing here is cheap , but there is doubt that it is worth it .
Then , stop by the concierge to get a recommendation for the best restaurants in town , you want to leave the hotel of course .
you are in the mood to leave your room , there are many hit movies to choose from , room service is exquisite .
Anything from a business trip to a family vacation , The Ritz make anyone satisfied .
On a recent visit to NYC I was to stay at my regular hotel ( Parker Meridien ) because a client was paying had reserved my room at the Essex House .
At first I was upset , for I am always willing to try something new , but from the minute I drove up to the door I knew that this was going to be a good experience . . .
In this case the doorman was upset because the driver was telling him that he had already paid him .
What a start .
Once in the lobby I see that the hotel had originally been built with some charm , but it 's deco past was now looking very artificial .
this is because it is a Westin , therefore comply with chain standards .
The front desk person was efficient , but totally characterless .
I just as well have used a machine .
When I called down said that I had requested a king bedded , non-smoking room I was told that this cost extra !
What about a room with a view at least , again extra $ $ .
I stayed in the room , as I was only staying one night .
What really put me off was that it was clean ( hairs in the tub , dust in the mini-bar , etc. )
Needless to say , I spent as little time as in the hotel , checked-out bright early the next day
It 's been one week since I laid my head down in Palace Station , advertised as the place to stay for Vegas locals .
I 'm still shuddering--and my suitcase still reeks of cigarette smoke--after being there for less than 10 hours .
The place was a dump--a supreme , run-down , dirty , less-than-customer-focused , dive .
Granted , I paid very little for the room ( $ 35 plus tax , about $ 42 total ) .
What I got was an experience so rancid , I nearly canceled my good night in Vegas later in the week .
Off the strip--and in the nicest area , .
My cab ride from the airport cost $ 34--thanks to the ripoff artist who took me all over the city .
Check-in
I do n't care it was 2 am--she have TRIED to get me a non-smoking room .
a room somewhat close to the main building .
Offered him their company .
Hmmmm .
The Room
Like I said , for $ 35 , it 's bound to be luxurious .
When it did n't , I found a casino phone , called for help , hunkered down to wait for security .
While I was waiting , a man offered me $ 20 for 15 minutes .
I declined .
Sure , it 's better money than epinions.com ,
but hey , I have principles .
$ 5 to the security guy a 10 minute key struggle later , I was in , locks bolted AC cranking .
The window had both metal concrete cages .
Cheap indeed , but functional .
Truly hideous color scheme--sort of a brown orange theme .
There was also a large safe , but that required a $ 2 daily fee I was just there to crash .
Small , functional , clean , with slippery tiles a small toilet .
They did provide soap shampoo .
Casino
In the morning , I decided to play a little .
Real little .
I had 5 minutes $ 50 .
After wasting $ 10 in quarters , I sat at a 5 cent machine , popped in $ 5, promptly won the max jackpot of $ 300 .
That , my friends , was the highlight of my stay .
The casino attendant paid me quickly , in big bills , pleased when I tipped her .
Granted , it was early , but the casino was fairly empty , held of the typical Las Vegas glitz .
anything , the atmosphere was sort of a 7-11 at 3 am feel--everyone bleary-eyed , pathetic , desperate .
The gift shops were bigger than I , with the usual assortment of Vegas merchandise .
Restaurants include the usual mix--buffet , cafe , Tex-Mex , Italian , Steak , Asian .
Room service was available , but I satisfied myself with snack mix water from the plane .
With all the creatures crawling in the hallways , I had desire to meet anything from behind the scenes .
Bottom line
, , again .
I sacrificed safety convenience for the illusion of a low price--and ended up spending the same amount I 've spent for a nice room on the strip .
mind my $ 300 win .
Run !
I have to differ on a few items with beerbuff 's review of Hyatt Regency at Lake Tahoe .
We found Lake Tahoe quite by accident , we were looking for someplace new
to try other than Daytona Florida , since we live in Florida , the heat
Our travel agent recommended Tahoe because it had Mountains which I love cool weather which both my husband myself were looking for .
We stayed at the Hyatt Regency , I had written a letter with my reservation to the Hotel told them how my husband I were celebrating our 25th anniversary .
To our surprise when we checked in the General Manager had
upgraged us from the hotel room which runs around $ 165 . a night to the
Cabins on the Lake across the road by the Lone Eagle Grill .
These rooms run around $ 345 . a night , charged us the $ 165 .
Hotel Tower rate .
The Hyatt is on the North Shore at Incline village which is so quaint friendly .
The cabins are definitely a , they are 4 rooms to a cabin , upper lower , with storage on the main entrance of the cabins for your ski 's ski equipment .
The rooms have two bathrooms , a bedroom with a sitting area , a safe , a Fireplace in the living room , color TV in the living room , bedroom even in the main bathroom .
There is a terrace outside the living room area with a wood deck chairs to take in the view of the lake .
I recommend renting a 4 wheel drive vehicle , since it is very mountainous .
It is close to Diamond Peak , and Mt . Rose for skiing .
We love to hike so we go to the lookout with a hiking trail that takes you down to Vikingsholm
castle on the lake .
There is also Heavenly for skiing on the South Shore .
Where I beg to differ with beerbuff , is you gamble in the Casino at Hyatt at Roulette for a minimum $ 2.00 bet .
There are nickel , dime quarter slots , as well as electronic poker machines .
They have poker tables in the back for the serious gambler .
They have a great breakfast buffet for $ 20. each morning my husband I fill up be hungry until almost dinner time .
Within a 10 minute scenic drive you be at McDonalds for breakfast you prefer when on a budget .
I found you budget your money in advance for food , souvenir 's gambling , you have a great memorable time in Lake Tahoe .
I also recommend joining the Hyatt Gold Passport club , because you also upgrade to the Cabins on the lake with you member points the price drops down to about $ 245 from $ 345 a night .
You accrue , member points , with every stay at any Hyatt .
Also , with your Gold passport card you get discounts in the Hotels gift shops .
I have recently returned from my honeymoon .
My husband I chose Disney World for several reasons .
However , we had cable television I remember watching a special on all the different theme hotels at Disney World wishing I stay at all the different hotels .
I had stayed with my family at the Disneyland hotel many times , but that hotel does have a theme .
Our first choice was the Grand Floridian , but since we were paying for the honeymoon ourselves , we opted to stay there after learning that our honeymoon cost about $ 500 more than it we stayed at the Polynesian .
The " Poly " was our second choice .
We chose to stay there because it had a Hawaiian/Polynesian theme that be ( hopefully ) similar to going to Hawaii for a honeymoon .
The Poly is very ideally situated .
It is on the monorail line , so getting to the Magic Kingdom Epcot are very easy .
It is also within walking distance of the Ticket Transportation Center , which provides bus transportation to MGM Studios , Animal Kingdom , Downtown Disney the water parks .
Additionally , bus transportation is also provided directly from the hotel .
The rooms at the Poly are quite large .
A standard room comes with two queen beds a day bed , so two parents three children stay quite comfortably .
I you fit in a baby in a crib in addition to the five people already staying there .
The armoire has 5 drawers so with plenty of space for clothes .
Additionally , there is a large closet with a room safe for storing valuables .
There is also a table , two chairs an ice bucket .
The room d챕cor is very festive .
Island patterned bedspreads about the aforementioned armoire had a faux bamboo design as did the headboard .
While it was more kitschy than authentic , it was still a fun place to stay .
The least expensive is the "garden " room there are also "lagoon " rooms ( with views of the water ) concierge rooms with lots of extra pampering .
We had a garden room-next to the monorail , less .
However , even though the monorail passed right by our patio door , it was so quiet that it did bother us at all .
The Great Ceremonial house is the main building at the Poly .
We got caught in a HUGE rainstorm on Wednesday Steve 's shorts were soaked .
We about buying another pair for him , but the shorts on sale were around $ 40-and they were ugly !
One of our favorite places was the snack bar .
You buy a mug there for $ 10 then get free refills for the duration of your stay .
Considering that a soda costs about $ 1.50 , this is a great cost saver-especially you come back to the hotel for a rest in the middle of the afternoon .
Additional dining options include the Kona Caf챕 Ohanas , which we ate at on our first night .
I plan to review the restaurant in a different section , but I assure you , this is a see-even you do n't stay at the Poly .
In short , it is an all-you eat feast featuring meat on sticks .
The cost is $ 22 per person well worth it .
It 's a great place to take kids-we loved our meal there .
In the morning , Ohanas features a character breakfast .
Although we did do this , the Poly also rents little speedboats for about $ 25 for a 쩍 hour .
They looked like a lot of fun , but we did have time to do this .
I did have a couple of very minor problems about the room .
I do n't know this was a Florida drought thing something else , but it was annoying .
Also , our remote control had batteries , but since we did spend so much time watching television , this did bother us .
The pillows were smaller than normal a little hard , but that was the only thing that bothered me .
As you see , these things are minor .
Also , when we arrived , Steve asked about an room upgrade because it was our honeymoon .
The clerk said that there were rooms available , but he be happy to send something for us over the next day .
We got anything .
Again , since we were going to be getting something for nothing , getting it did n't bother me , but still; .
Overall , staying at the Poly was great .
The Poly is a great place for everyone-honeymooners , couples , families , singles-everyone appreciate the d챕cor everything the Poly has to offer .
I have stayed at many Ritz-Carlton properties , I will start by adding that one of my favorite resorts anywhere is the Ritz-Carlton Kapalua on Maui .
However , the experience we had at the Ritz-Carlton Boston was completely uncharacteristic of my other experiences only be summed up by saying it was HORRIBLE.
My mother I went to Boston a few years ago for a week as a part of a trip to New England , we chose the Ritz of the Four Seasons since we tend to favor the chain in our travels .
We loved the location , which is right across the street from the Public Gardens Boston Common .
The hotel is located a block from the T ( subway ) on the green line , which was also very convenient to use for getting around to go shopping dining .
The interiors are rather old in desperate need of the facelift that it is now receiving .
Our room was in the older half of the hotel overlooking Newbury Street , which we'd requested of the newer addition on the opposite side of the hotel .
Friends of ours had stayed in both the old new areas had discouraged us from the newer addition .
We arrived in the late afternoon , so we dropped our bags off in our room went out in search of a light meal .
We settled in , a little later we received a phone call that room service wanted to deliver a fruit tray to us .
We again that this was an amenity as there was mention of it being a gift , we declined having it delivered right then .
We arranged for delivery the next day since we 'd already eaten that evening wanted to turn in early .
The next day we received a phone call from a close friend client of my mother 's , after an awkward few minutes , she asked how we enjoyed the gifts she 'd arranged for us .
I 'm sure she felt rather uncomfortable having to ask us at all , but she it was strange that we 'd mentioned it .
Imagine our surprise when she told us that she was the one who had sent us the flowers !
She had also arranged for a cheese tray with my favorite cheeses to be delivered , a fruit tray , had specified that they be waiting when we arrived since she knew we'd be famished after over 12 hours of flying .
She had also sent a check ahead of time asked the concierge to purchase a gift certificate to Legal Seafood for us to enjoy during our stay had mailed a hand-written note well in advance to be displayed with these wonderful gifts when we arrived .
All of this was paid for in advance with a generous tip included for the concierge .
They apologized , we saw the gift certificate , the hand-written note , the cheese !
The final insult was their response to our friend .
When she called to complain , they lied to her told her that we'd refused the cheese tray delivery had indeed received the gift certificate note , when she told them that she'd spoken to us knew this was n't true , they told her that we were the liars !
She followed up with a letter to their corporate offices , but even that was responded to with a form letter personal addressing to the problems .
She her husband , both frequent , affluent travelers , refuse to stay at any Ritz-Carlton properties since then .
Following our complaints , we received unwelcome glares walking through the lobby , which only served to anger us further .
But the story does n't end there .
you even it , it gets worse .
After a few days of being at the hotel , we awoke one morning to the most awful "smell . "
It took them over an hour to arrive , when the hotel repairman did finally arrive , he told us the Freon from the fridge had leaked some similar problem .
They removed the fridge , which the entire floor of the hotel had complained about , but you know where they put it ?
In a maintenance closet on the same floor !
This was just too much !
We called downstairs again , fully expecting understanding of the problem , asked to be moved to another room .
Simple request , right ?
They told us no!
We were outraged !
We were fully prepared to move to the Four Seasons , but we had only one more night felt it was n't worth the trouble , that we'd simply return to their Boston property again .
I'd also like to comment on the restaurants .
I have complaints about spending money on fine dining , but the food here was overpriced uninspired .
My mother summed it up as mundane at best .
They had a harpist playing , which was nice , but we were unimpressed with the rest of the experience .
The waitstaff , however , was attentive more than satisfactory in their service .
Despite our unfortunate experiences with the concierge , front desk , management , we did have compliments for a few other staff members that did help to brighten our overall dismal stay .
The doormen recognized us chatted with us each day when we'd return from shopping sightseeing , they remembered our names details about us , which was nice .
Since the hotel has the only working , manned elevator today , the elevators have "attendants " to run them , one of them allowed me to work it one night , which was fun .
We also spent an evening in the lounge , this was by far the only true highlight of our experience .
He actually got everybody in the lounge singing together at one point , when the waiter came for our drink order , my mom tried something new on his recommendation was more than satisfied with the concoction he chose .
Besides these few gems , though , it was terrible beyond my worst travel nightmares .
It was little surprise to us when , shortly after our stay , the property was demoted from a five-diamond property .
you want a convenient location , excellent service , fine accommodations , move about one block down to the Four Seasons .
Website : www.ritzcarlton.com/hotels/boston/
I 've been to Walt Disney World about nine times since 1985 stayed at the Polynesian Beach Resort most of those times .
The first time was an accident ( it was all that was available ) but each time afterward it was a conscious decision .
I 've talked to numerous people at the resort who told me that , they too were repeat visitors .
Location
In real estate , they say that location is everything .
that 's the case , you ca n't go wrong here your main interest at WDW is the Magic Kingdom .
Like the Contemporary , Grand Floridian Wilderness Lodge , the Polynesian is located across the water from the MK.
Unlike the others , though , you have four options for getting there from the Poly .
You take the monorail from the station within the resort ( about five minutes , depending on timing ) ; take the boat from the Poly marina dock ( about ten minutes , longer the circular route takes you to the Grand Floridian first ) ; walk over to the Ticket Transportation Center take the ferryboat direct monorail .
The last two options sound too appealing , but you 're on the west side of the resort , the walk is less than ten minutes there is a big line at the Poly , you save some time .
More importantly , here 's something few people do n't realize -- by walking to the TTC , you get on a direct monorail to EPCOT save yourself the trip around the lagoon on the resort monorail .
This makes the Polynesian the only resort with direct monorail access to two theme parks .
All over locations within Walt Disney World are accessed by Disney bus ( your car ) .
The standard room at the Polynesian is very large .
There are two Queen sized beds a day bed -- enough space for five adults .
The South Seas theming is carried into the rooms with canopies over the beds , cane furniture appropriate coloured wallpaper paint .
One complaint that I have about the rooms is that there are n't enough power outlets .
I bring a computer , camcorder cellular phone on trips have a hard time plugging everything in putting something in the bathroom ( a good ) .
You connect to AOL with a local call ( 0.75 charge per call ) .
The rooms are spread around the resort in various "longhouses " ( traditional Polynesian structures ) that are three stories high .
Some of the older buildings do have balconies on the second floor .
getting a balcony ( first floor rooms all have patios ) is important to you , be sure to call the resort a couple of days before you arrive to request it .
My personal favourites are Samoa Fiji , both of which are near the main building .
you want to be further away ( quieter ) , the Tahiti is on the far end of the resort ( has a short walk to the TTC. )
All of the rooms have recently been refurbished .
O'Hana
O'Hana , which means "family" , serves two meals .
The food is all you eat , family style is better worse than you 'd find at the local Perkins .
There is also an evening meal ( "feast " ) that consists of appetizers , a salad , all the "skewer served roasted meat " you handle , a pineapple caramel desert .
I 'm of the opinion that the evening meal has declined over the years , while I used to love it , I now generally skip it .
On nights when there are fireworks over the Magic Kingdom , they dim the lights pipe in the music so that you enjoy it from the huge windows that overlook the lagoon MK.
Kona Cafe
This replaced the Coral Island Cafe , which was awful .
too bad for lunch , but do n't go there you are in a hurry .
Captain Cooks
This is a snack bar on the lower level of the main building .
The first night you are there , buy a refillable mug.
You go back to the snack bar for the duration of your stay refill it with soda , lemonade coffee for free .
It 's just convenient .
Amenities
There is plenty to do at the resort that has nothing to do with the theme parks .
You rent paddle mini speed boats , sail boats (you need some sort of proof that you know how to sail to get on those ) to check out the Seven Seas Lagoon Bay Lake .
There are several white sand beachs with chairs umbrellas .
Swimming in the Lagoon is encouraged .
One is currently ( 2/01 ) closed for renovation , is a themed pool (eg : lots of kids ) .
The other is a "quiet pool " is just a big round thing .
Both pools are heated be swum in during the coldest weather .
Once twice the pools have been closed in the evening due to mosquito problems .
Otherwise , they are open all night , but only supervised with lifeguards until about 10pm .
you go to the Great Ceremonial House ( main building ) during the day , there are often activities for children , including Disney movies , colouring singing dancing .
There is a pub small liquor off sale in the main building as well .

Book a garden view room ask when you check in they have any upgrades available .
I 've been bumped up a couple of times .
Rent a car .
The bus system , while efficient , will get you where you need to go as fast as driving yourself .
Do n't forget the short walk to the TTC you want to go to EPCOT.
It will save you a ton of time .
You take the resort monorail back to the Polynesian on your return -- it 's the first stop .
For a quiet evening , grab a couple of drinks go down to the beach about 9pm to watch the Electrical Water Pageant , an underpublicized enjoyable event .
The Neverland Club , like Ohana , has deteriorated a bit over the years , but is still fun for little kids .
This is an expensive resort , doubt about that .
Going during the off season joining the Disney Club will result in some reductions , but it 's still a place to go you 're on a tight budget .
As a first timer , I was extremely excited to see all that it had to offer .
I booked a room at the Riviera through a travel agency doing much research .
All I knew it was that it was cheap on the north end of the strip .
I arrived was disappointed .
because it was a crummy hotel/casino , its a good clean place with an adequate gambling selection , it just did n't have that overwhelming aspect that the other casinos had .
So you are wanting to get the full experience the first time , pay a bit more stay at Treasure Island something in the midst of everything .
The Riviera I is best for those who have been to Vegas before , want to gamble have access to the strip , but do n't want to pay for all the sights they have seen before .
As a side note , do n't waste your money on Crazy Girls , one of their 3 shows , the show is as unimpressive as the hotel the " I wanna be 'Grace under Fire " comedian is awful .
Just awful .
you have stayed at a Disney resort prepared to be wowed by the Wilderness Lodge .
The themes are carried to the hilt the service is unbelievable .
I have only been to Disney twice but we have stayed at the lodge both times .
During our visit this September our daughter came down with a 102.4 degree fever .
While I was freaking out about being stuck at the resort a vehicle , the resort managers arranged to have Judy , a wonderfully friendly front desk clerk , drive us the full twenty minutes to "After Hours Pediatrics" .
She also came to pick us up when when we were ready .
The next morning a personalized , autographed picture of the Little Mermaid was slid under our door wishing that Emily well enough to come visit in person .
The children are truly the guest at Disney they are treated as specially as the paying adults are treated .
While you prepare to spend a pretty penny to stay in the park , the service convenience make it worth it .
only are you able to purchase the Ultimate Park Hopper ticket (unavailable to those staying on site ) , you are right in the middle of the action , you don't have to fight traffic , you are able to make it back to your room in about 15 minutes from anywhere in the Walt Disney World complex .
Prepared to be impressed; .
Logistics
The Wilderness Lodge is one of what are sometimes called the " Magic Kingdom Resorts " at Walt Disney World .
It is one of the deluxe resorts which means it is a little more expensive than most of the other Disney Resorts .
While the resort is on the monorail line , you hop on a boat to the Magic Kingdom take a bus to anywhere else on Disney property .
We took a towncar from the airport did have a car the whole trip .
Aside from the unexpected illness , we have needed a vehicle .
Disney provides great access to transportation every cast member is ready to provide detailed directions tips for getting to your desired destination quickly .
Is This Really Florida ?
When you first enter the lodge you immediately notice the grand openness of the design .
The Wilderness Lodge also has a small alcove for children to watch a Disney cartoon while Mom Dad check into the room .
At the back of the lobby is a wooden bridge that spans a "bubbling brook" .
It turns into a little stream that flows out of the lobby to flow into the swimming pool outside ( though I doubt it actually does ) .
There are always kids running back forth over the bridge they ca n't resist !
I love the way the atmosphere makes you relaxed .
It does normally take some time to check into your room since there is more than the normal information to go over .
" Cast Members " often give guests tips to further enjoy the park .
The guest service desk is typically used to arrange childcare Priority Seating at resort restaurants after you have checked in .
Check in is normally 3:00 pm .
However , we arrived around noon our room was available .
This is guaranteed as I did notice other families that were waiting at the pool until their room was ready .
The resort consists of two wings with seven floors 728 rooms .
The seventh floor is reserved for concierge rooms is accessible from the elevator swiping your room key .
While we were there in a typically quiet season , the hallways remained quiet there always to be an elevator waiting for us when we needed one .
There are 3 room views available .
-The Standard View faces the parking lot , driveway , the roof ;
-The Woods View faces the woods on one side the Wilderness Lodge Villas on the other ;
-The Courtyard View looks over one of the pools Bay Lake .
Pricing
The standard room which has 2 queens a queen with bunk beds ranges from $ 199/night to $ 324/night .
The concierge rate ranges from $ 250/night to $ 385/night .
There are differing views "honeymoon suites " that offer different amenities price ranges .
Okay , Now Onto the Rooms Themselves
The door of the actual room opens to a hallway with a small 3-4 drawer chest to the left as well as a closet with sliding doors that includes a small safe .
There is a an alcove to the right that has a nice black marble sink mirror .
You access the functional bathroom from a door on the right .
In addition to the towel rack there is hook to hang clothes wet towels on as well as a clothes line that be pulled across the length of the bathtub .
The sleeping area in the room we stayed had two queen size beds with a night stand between them .
The beds were on wooden frames that lent themselves to frequent toe stubbings but the sheets were soft the pillows were fluffy .
The room was furnished with a wooden table with two chairs as well as a dresser with 3 four drawers on the bottom an television cabinet on the top .
The colors were a muted turquoise orange the wooden furniture was a rich maple color .
It has a small glass topped table two all-weather chairs .
To my delight the hotel was constructed to provide privacy on these balconies .
You see your neighbor's balcony they see yours .
Shopping
The hotel amenities include the usual gift shop with a wilderness theme .
There is plenty there to satisfy your "souvenir sweet tooth" .
Dining
The Whispering Canyon Caf챕 provides delicious family style barbeque dinners .
While we enjoyed the dinner at the restaurant twice the first time we stayed , we only were able to go for breakfast this time .
The food was outstanding .
The prices for breakfast were reasonable , but for dinner to pay $ 40-50 for a family of three .
Normally this steep to me but it is comparable to any other sit-down restaurant at Disney .
you enjoy Disney's famous themed restaurants , you'll love this .
The servers move through out the dining room using the tray stands to make "galloping " sounds .
They frequently yell "woo-hoo" scream "who has the ketchup " whenever someone asks .
The kids love it .
I have been to this restaurant , but it has been described as " a celebration of the rich culinary heritage of the Pacific Northwest " .
Roaring Forks is cafeteria-type dining offers burgers , fries , pizza , chili , bagels , deli sandwiches , Rice Krispie treats , beverages other fresh fast selections .
While the prices are high for my standards - you pay $ 6.00 for turkey on a croissant , the food is good just right for a quick lunch by the pool .
The Territory Lounge serves cocktails , espresso cappuccino as well as appetizers in the evening .
Entertainment
The Wilderness Resort's pool is huge , clean , definitely relaxing !
But you will want to go down to watch the geyser that erupts hourly on the beach .
you exit the hotel near the gift shop you will find a video game room that I is called " Buttons Bells " .
It is larger than the average hotel arcade offers newer games as well as the old stand-bys such as centipede pinball .
The Cub 's Den be accessed by an entrance near the arcade .
The room is chock full of video games , Disney toys , books , craft supplies Disney movies .
I highly recommend the services .
I felt comfortable my daughter was well cared for as it was staffed by two grandmotherly women who to love taking care of children .
It afforded us the opportunity to see more than Mickey the Princesses have an adult conversation .
While I am sure some families used the service every night of the week , once was enough for us to enjoy an evening of adult activity .
To Sum it Up
Looking at some of the other reviews I am the only one to recommend Disney 's Wilderness Lodge .
It is clean , beautiful the cast members are indulgent responsive .
Right next to the Yacht Club at Walt Disney World is the Beach Club Resort .
Although many the two hotels are identical , they are in fact , very different .
Location : The Beach Club resort is right in the middle of EPCOT MGM Studios .
It 's actually walking distance to both theme parks .
This be really convenient because you go out to the front of the resort where the Disney busses pick you up ( free transportation to anywhere on Disney property ) , it crowded , you take a left right ( depending on which park you are heading to ) take a scenic walk to the gates .
The Beach Club is also within a few minutes of almost all other places on property , including Disney Village , Typhoon Lagoon , Fantasia Golf , the Boardwalk .
The Rooms : With 583 guest rooms , there are 4 different types of rooms to choose from :
-Standard View/King Bed - view of the garden parking lot , bed folds out from wall .
-Standard View/2 Queens/Kings - view of garden of parking lot .
-Water , Pool View/2 Queens/Kings - view of pool lake .
-Standard View/Deluxe Room , view of a garden , woodland parking area
I 've stayed in two different rooms at the Beach Club .
One was a standard room with a "view " of the parking lot .
The second was a suite , which also had a view of the parking lot .
Both rooms were very alike , that the suite was bigger had a smaller balcony .
Both of the rooms had 2 Queen size beds which were pretty comfortable a television facing the beds .
A Table chairs were in the corner of the room .
Two sinks were right outside of the bathroom the shower toilet were on the inside .
It was funny to find a telephone television speakers inside of the bathroom too !
Every morning at the Beach Club , a paper is delivered right outside your door .
On both sides of the lobby , there are cushioned seats around beautiful flowers .
you like relaxing indoors , you sit down in one of the comfortable chairs couches in the lobby .
When you go outside , you will find rocking chairs some beautiful topiary pieces .
The last time I was there , there was a huge butterfly as soon as you walk out of the lobby .
Just across the Boardwalk is the beach the lagoon , where you sit on a swing enjoy the beautiful day .
The pool is shared with the Yacht Club , which is adjacent to the Beach Club .
There are actually 3 different pools in this area they are all different so everyone enjoy them ! .
The first pool that you see when you walk out of the Beach is Stormalong Bay .
But Stormalong Bay does n't only have a water slide !
It also has a whirlpool , "quicksand " one spot where you swim into a huge pool of bubbles .
you cross over to the next pool , you will the current pull you along .
Hot tubs are located in the middle of Beaches Cream Stormalong bay .
There are a couple quiet pools that you also go to , which are open really late at night .
The Food : you 're looking for a quick snack a sit-down dinner , the Beach Club has it all .
Out by the pool is Hurricane Hanna 's where you get alcoholic beverages , hamburgers , hotdogs , chicken fingers cookies .
Poolside beverage service is available all day from Hurricane Hanna 's .
Beaches and Cream Soda Shop is just a couple minutes away .
This restaurant is great because it looks like an old soda fountain shop .
Here , they offer meals , like turkey club sandwiches hamburgers you just order some ice cream to go .
you are looking for a full-service restaurant , then you try the Cape Caf챕 .
Every morning , the buffet restaurant has a Character breakfast with Goofy , Chip Dale , Minnie Mouse .
Every night , an indoor clambake buffet offers clams , mussels , beef-ribs , chicken some great desserts !
Martha's Vineyard is located inside has a different selections from different vineyards .
The Rip Tide is a lobby lounge that has wines , wine coolers , beers , cocktails , frozen drinks .
The only thing I do n't like about the Beach Club 's food is that there is n't a food court , even a small 24 hour court that offers snacks .
Other restaurants be found just a few minutes away at the Yacht Club right even on the Boardwalk .
Beaches Cream Hurricane Hanna 's are only open for so long ...
The Service : There are many different services that are offered at the Beach Club .
you need customer service Valet parking , someone is always there to help you .
Everyone always has a smile on their face .
There is even a " Greeter " who is dressed as a ship 's captain who says good morning and/or welcome to you every time you leave come back !
Some of the other services that they have are kid 's programs at the Sandcastle Club , an Arcade , A health club a barber/hairdresser salon .
There are facilities right at your fingertips where you rent boats , play tennis , volleyball even croquet .
The Beach Club is also perfect for business conventions .
Sharing a huge facility with the Yacht Club , the two resorts have a 73,000 square foot function area that also has a 36,000 square foot Ballroom 21 breakout rooms .
Every time I stay there , I have a lot of fun I bet you will too !
The title of my epinion is a quote from our waiter our very first evening at this beautiful resort .
I 've stayed anywhere else that even comes close to being as nice .
Service
Ordinarily , I 'd start off a hotel/resort review with a description the rooms but what makes the Hyatt Regency Kauai unique is the service .
You are made to as you are an imposition that all you are valued for is the money in your pockets .
As soon as you drive up to the front entrance , you are greeted by a bellhop who takes your luggage opens the beautiful double doors for you to enter the lobby .
You are given a lei escorted to the check in desk .
Both times I 've stayed here , my basic standard parking lot view room has been upgraded .
We do n't spend a lot of time in our room so I do n't like to pay for a view .
I 'll walk outside to see the ocean !
For our first stay , we received a garden view room with a gorgeous view of blooming plumeria trees , multi-colored crotons , birds of paradise the opportunity to see some weddings take place .
Our second stay was a last minute decision as we were traveling with my in-laws .
They had made reservations at the Aston Poipu Kai where our condo was absolutely unacceptable .
It was filthy , hot there was a bedspring literally sticking out of the mattress .
I called the Hyatt upon our check-in at the Aston .
They were sold out for that night but found us rooms for the rest of our stay , at a discounted rate too !
Another time , we had scheduled a Na Pali Coast boat tour we were canceled on three days in a row for various problems ( with more than one company ! ) .
The concierge found us two spots on another company 's boat for the last day of our honeymoon .
Unfortunately , that too was canceled ( by weather ) but the fact that someone tried very hard to make our vacation special meant a lot to us .
Rooms
For both visits , I had a room in the Poipu wing of the hotel .
There are two wings ( Poipu Shipwreck ) each be a long walk to the lobby area .
The rooms are very large each of them has a lamp in the shape of a rooster .
Since there are so many roosters running around in the wild on Kauai , it appropriate .
The shampoo conditioner is manufactured by Emlin is one of the few I 've tried that really get your hair squeaky clean after being out in salt water all day damaging your hair .
We also received a small sample of the Anara Spa 's Coco Mango lotion .
It has the most luxurious scent is quite addictive .
you wish to pay extra have enough Gold Passport points , you wish to reserve a Regency Club room which includes complimentary refreshments throughout the day .
Even you do n't wish to upgrade , be sure to join the Hyatt Gold Passport program ( it 's free ! ) give them your membership number .
You 'll receive a daily newsletter with all of the resort activities , news clips some very good recipes to try when you return home .
Be sure to check the number of servings in these recipes so as to make the mistake I did when baking up some pineapple-coconut muffins .
I ended up with 4 dozen of them !
Pools Landscaping
The landscaping was absolutely breathtaking with flowers everywhere .
The plumeria were a special favorite you smell the flowers in the air everywhere .
The smell is my absolute favorite thing about the Hyatt .
It 's intoxicating .
One of the neatest things about the Hyatt is the use of water .
Below that is a bi-level free form freshwater " action pool " which includes a water slide , caves waterfalls .
Right below those is a salt water lagoon on a gypsum beach since the regular sand was clogging their filters .
We really enjoyed those !
you continue walking , below the saltwater lagoon , you 'll find Shipwreck Beach the Pacific Ocean .
The beach is often marked with red flags high surf .
That means do n't go in the water !
Many people drown in Hawaii every year when they disregard the warning flags .
Also at the beach is a large cliff where we often saw young men jumping into the waves .
It looked scary to me !
A word of caution you visit : after it rains , the steps walkways around the pools are extremely slippery .
Another really neat thing about Hawaii in general is that they do n't have thunderstorms lightning unless there 's a hurricane something terribly out of the ordinary .
It really only rained a little bit on the last day a half of our first stay ( which was in the month of June - our second time was an October visit ) .
you have any interest in scuba , they have complimentary beginner lessons !
Towels are available by the pool as are wristbands to allow you to ride the water slide .
One evening , we attended a video screening in Stevenson 's Library ( a bar ) at the Hyatt .
This video showed the destruction power of Hurricane Iniki , which struck the island in September of 1992 .
you look carefully , you still see some of the effects of this terrible storm .
Kauai still has n't recovered in terms of tourism so the island has a deserted to it in many places .
The island only has a full-time population of about 50,000 .
The video also recounted how the Hyatt was the only hotel on Kauai to retain all of their employees on the payroll throughout the rebuilding process after Iniki .
The hotel was closed for six months !
We know it was a "propaganda good " video but it really made us respect the employees the management at the Hyatt .
Aside from the videotape , you play golf , tennis , billiards , go horseback riding take advantage of the many Hawaiiana classes they offer ranging from hula dancing to lei making .
Every morning , there is a walking tour of the award winning Poipu Bay golf course .
There is a special camp for children as well as the Anara Spa for the ultimate in relaxation .
Shopping
This is n't pushed at all at resort guests .
There are two sundries shops that I came across as well as a couple of resort clothing stores , a sandal shop a fine art gallery .
The emphasis at the Hyatt Regency Kauai is that you have the opportunity to shop there is something you need like but they are n't going to highly advertise these stores to you .
I spent a long time one evening in the art gallery talking with one of the sales clerks .
They were exhibiting a number of lucite sculptures by the late Frederic Hart I used to work at the Washington National Cathedral where his most famous sculpture is on display .
I learned a lot that evening also discovered the works of another artist I really enjoy ( Fanch Ledon ) .
Dining
You have many choices at this resort so there 's need to go elsewhere unless you really want to .
One night for dinner , we tried Tidepools where we spent $ 100 on a main course , appetizer drinks .
You 're paying for the relaxed atmosphere .
The restaurant is set up in grass thatched huts right on the koi pond .
We started with a shared appetizer of tropical fruits .
One thing we found throughout the islands is that a lot of papaya was served as much pineapple as we .
My husband had the blackened Opaka I had the grilled Ahi .
To be honest , he also had the grilled Ahi because I only ate half of it !
I 'd say this is the most romantic of the restaurants in the hotel .
Be sure to request a table right next to the water .
The Ilima Terrace features both breakfast buffets a theme dinner buffet .
I 've had the dinner buffet three times ( over the total of 14 nights I 've been at the resort )and I do n't I 'd go back again when there are so many other place to eat .
One evening , the theme was surf turf .
You get a lobster carved prime rib both .
That was the best of our experiences there .
The last time , the meat was cold cooked through enough .
I like rare meat but this meat was raw , rare .
The selection just was n't very good .
Service was excellent , however .
a light dinner is what you 're seeking , Stevenson 's Library is a good place to go .
You settle down to listen to some jazz in a cozy book-lined room go out on an ocean view terrace .
Another specialty here is one you get elsewhere in the resort but my husband has a special fondness for it so I 'll mention it here .
The drink is called a lava flow .
They are very good very addictive .
I have attended the Drums of Paradise Luau but I have passed it by while the show was underway .
Hearing a version of " Wind Beneath My Wings " accompanied by a slack-key guitar is my of a luau .
This quite cheesy but I did n't actually attend it .
you have enjoyed it , please let me know .
We have greatly enjoyed the Old Lahaina Luau on Maui so we 're against all luaus by any means .
The Dock is a great place to grab a light lunch a snack .
This is the place to get a small container of freshly cut pineapple .
I like to get my snack go out to a hammock to read a book , enjoy the snack relax in the sunshine while enjoying the cool , tropical breezes .
There are waitresses who will come by on a semi-regular basis to bring you drinks so there 's need to get up .
The last place I 've personally tried is the Seaview Terrace .
This was a good place to grab a light breakfast of a muffin some juice .
Often , there is live entertainment here of a Hawaiian singer a hula dancer .
A couple of evenings a week , they have a keiki show which is comprised of children from a local hula school .
Quality of the show varies depending upon the talents of the current crop of students .
There 's a reason why this resort has consistently received top ratings from Conde Nast .
It 's hard to find much wrong with it .
That attitude is what makes the Hyatt Regency Kauai special .
that , all you have is the empty shell of a resort .
It 's the heart that makes the difference .
I recently stayed at the Stratosphere hotel for eight days .
Although the check in was impressively quick for Las Vegas that is where the first class service ended .
My husband I got to our room after 12 hours of travel exhausted .
The bathtub was dirty - I had to clean it out before I went in there .
The lighting in the sink area was dim , for us girls make up you prefer the bright lights .
to mention the fact that there was a sound that traveled overhead of the room that sounded like a train on tracks .
We determined preciously what the sound was .
We were too far from the elevators , the roller coaster on top of the tower does operate all night long , so that left us curious , but anxious to move rooms .
The manager upgraded us to a player suite which did have better lighting a marble topped bathroom .
It also had an extra room with a small chair in it - I have been outraged I have paid the extra $ 20 a night this room was supposidly worth , but we got the upgrade for free so it was fine .
We changed rooms late at night I noticed there was a " Do Disturb " sign .
I called housekeeping requested one they to simply place the sign outside the door for us since it was late .
The next morning we discovered that we did have any hot water unless you took a shower early in the morning as we had done on our first day there ( 3 hour time difference from east to west coast ) .
The shower was luke warm - almost cold so we we combat the cold shower by heating the room .
Most of the time hotel rooms get extremely warm even beyond the point of comfort .
this room , there was heat so after the luke warm shower we were faced the comfort of a warm room .
to mention the fact that after my cold shower I placed my towel on the floor was on my way out of the bathroom when the maid walked in with me in my birthday day because we got that " Do Disturb " sign as promised .
The housekeeping manager did treat my husband I to the " American Superstars " show in the hotel , which actually was a wonderful performance , but that did completely supress my anger embarrassment for myself I 'm sure the maid as well .
My only other positive thing I will say is that they have a wonderful restaurant called , " Top of the World " which is located at the top of the tower .
It is a revolving restaurant you see an entire view of Las Vegas in an hour time frame .
We sat right near the window , had an expensive , but truely good meal a lovely evening .
Reservations are recommended you go to the observation deck for free you eat there .
Although the managers were apologetic as helpful as be I still some staples to hotel living are hot water do disturb signs .
Sure , go see the show have a meal , but do n't sleep there .
It was one of the worst hotels I have ever been in quite frankly it tainted my stay in Las Vegas a little .
Oh yes , I almost forgot , on the web site they claim they have three pools .
That to be untrue .
The have one pool on the 8th floor , I was told the one on the 24th floor was closed there was mention of one on the 6th floor .
You see their "pool facts " on http ://www .stratospherehotel.com/pool .html .
The casino to be like every other casino in Vegas , with the exception of $ 2.00 BlackJack all day night .
It was more geared to those on a budget I .
I bid for a 3 star on Priceline in the Lake Buena Vista area .
The hotel was clean , attractive , pleasant front desk staff .
The airconditioning was extremely noisy .
There were Bath and Body Works ammenities in the guest rooms .
The first thing I found "odd " were the room doors .
There was the normal latch up top , the dead bolt an extra dead bolt ?
That odd .
Everyday when I returned to the hotel , I found pizza fliers under my door ( this is a scam happening in the Orlando area ; they obtain your credit card # /# have fun with it ; they attempt to rob you you order a pizza they deliver it ... ) .
Security was extremely lax .
I saw a security officer once , on the morning I was leaving the hotel , on the elevator .
you were coming into the hotel from the outside , you gain access from any door using a room key .
I was a female traveling by myself did safe here .
I left checked into The Hotel Royal Plaza on Hotel Plaza Boulevard where the Security was stepped up .
Although the property was clean attractive , safety is paramount .
I recommend this property for this reason , this reason alone .
My husband I booked a last-minute trip to Miami in May( two weeks out from the departure date ) .
We secured a good rate by booking a vacation package through an airline .
Seeing the Sheraton Virtual Tour of the hotel on their website , we have been more excited .
When we arrived , we a comfortable room , luxurious , just basic comfortable .
Buyer beware : when booking a vacation you are given the option to upgrade , the worst .
When the Bal Harbour says , 'standard room' , a low-end Super 8.
The room had been remodeled in years ( 15 plus ) severely showed its decay .
In addition , we were given a smoking room when we requested a non-smoking .
Since there was a wedding a convention at the hotel , we were told that they move us to another room .
We ordered a Pina colada a Margarita at the poolside bar , both drinks were served in 12 oz plastic cups , our bill came to $ 25 ! Needless to say , we learned our lesson headed down to South Beach the following days .
South Beach always scores in the top 10 beaches in the world is deemed "best party/best nightlife beach" .
We did want drunken college kids walking next to our window all day night .
We kicked ourselves the entire stay for staying down there because the beach was 100X more beautiful than the hotel 's , there were hundreds of restaurants , the area had some of the most stunning architecture we had even seen .
you do travel to South Beach from the hotel you want to avoid the $ 20-$ 25 cab fare each way , take the local bus .
There are three lines that stop in front of the hotel the fare is only $ 1 each way .
We were astonished when we saw that the Sheraton Bal Harbour made it into the 2003 Resorts Great Hotels book .
Enjoy your trip wherever you choose to stay !
I recently spent a week in Las Vegas ( again ! ) , this time decided to stay off of the Strip out of the classic Downtown area .
I stayed the entire week at Palace Station .
I hate to say it , but what a mistake that was .
Do n't get me wrong .
Palace Station is a great place ...if you 're a local like to gamble .
You see , all of the promotions ( money prize giveaways ) are geared towards the locals .
They give prizes away , but while I was visiting , they were only giving them away weekly .
So , , like me , you arrive on a Saturday , are leaving on Thursday , you miss the Friday drawings !
Yikes !
While playing there , I earned a bunch of free tickets to use to enter the drawings , but I had to be PRESENT TO WIN.
What a letdown .
It they see a lot of regulars , so they welcome a fresh face now then ask genuine questions about you .
Did I say slow ?
I meant non-existent .
I tried the pool a few days as the temperatures were in the high 90 's .
Get out early as by noon it is taken over by children .
However , it was a nice way to wake up start the day - nothing quite like a dip in the pool at 8am when it 's already 88 degrees .
Take note that you do n't rent a car , it will cost you between $ 11-13 each way to get to the Downtown casinos .
That 's right , they do n't offer a shuttle service to the Downtown area .
Also , the shuttles that run to from the Strip stop at midnight .
What Vegas visitor wants to leave the Strip at midnight ?
That 's when the action picks up .
I wo n't be staying at Palace Station again .
I 'll get back to everyone when I get back from my next trip .
In the meantime , have fun , win big , win often !
Review Topic : Overview
Clearly the jewel of Downtown Las Vegas , The Golden Nugget Hotel Casino has lost its luster since Steve Wynn sold it over a year ago .
The Nugget is a five star hotel/resort in every aspect , is a bargain , to boot .
I 've stayed at the Golden Nugget a score of times over the past two decades , it just keeps getting better better .
Accomodations
Rooms at the Golden Nugget are spacious luxurious .
Currently decorated in neutral colors a with a French Provincial decor , each room has a large credenza housing a TV , a table two side chairs , bedside tables with clock radio phone/message service , a dressing/makeup table complete with magnifying mirror .
The bathroom is very large , with marble floor , large Corian counter with sink , very large fluffy towels a REAL bath mat in place of the usual towel mat .
I 've had a less than perfectly clean fully operational room at the Nugget .
It 's a quiet , relaxing place to stay .
Hotel/Resort Ambience
The hotel lobby is white marble , graced by huge , fresh flower arrangements a mural-sized original oil painting by LeRoy Neiman .
The pool has a large fully equipped spa exercise facility , a beautiful outdoor pool area , , of course , a vast casino .
Its Carson Street cafe serves excellent " coffee shop " food , their buffet is excellent reasonably priced , there are three specialty restaurants : California Pizza Kitchen , Stephano 's ( Italian ) Lily Langtry 's ( Mandarin Chinese ) .
There are other shops at the Nugget .
Because there are attractions for children , you wo n't find them wandering through the casino hotel hallways .
Casino
The casino is large very well lighted .
Table minimums are usually $ 5, though an occasional $ 3 blackjack table be found on weekday afternoons .
All blackjack is dealt out of the shoe .
Pai gow poker , Caribbean stud , roulette , craps , baccarat are offered , there is a special area for "high stakes " players .
As with most casinos these days , slot machines video poker machines dominate the casino layout , though they are overly noisy obtrusive .
Cocktail waitresses circulate frequently offering free beverages .
Casino employees are friendly helpful , for the most part .
It 's a pleasant place to gamble , though I usually go elsewhere , since single-deck blackjack favors the player .
Conclusions
the greatest incentives in staying at the Nugget ( besides its adult atmosphere ) are its proximity to several other casinos downtown its outstanding quality for money spent .
Rates are modest by Vegas standards , given the luxury of this resort .
Once you stay at the Golden Nugget several times , you are invited to join their " Private Arrangement " club , where discounts freebies are offered to frequent guests .
It 's a jewel that is worth many times its modest price .
We had spent part of our honeymoon there in 1975 we both wanted to go back when we afford it .
It ended up taking 25 years ( Epinions ) to complete our dream .
With all the family expenses , including a daughter in college , it became to save enough to make reservations to stay there .
In November of 1999 I was introduced to Epinions thus , after writing reading many hours , we were able to afford to make reservations thus our 25th anniversary dream came true .
Thanks to all who read my articles helped make this milestone in our lives come true .
A Brief Description
There's so much I write about this outstanding Resort in central Florida .
We arrived on Monday morning checked in to our room .
In the Polynesian Resort there are many 혩Long Houses ' where they have 3 floors of rooms in each .
The buildings are named Tonga , Aotearoa , Fiji , Tuvalu , Samoa , Niue , Hawaii , Tokelau , Rapa Nui , Rarotonga .
Then there is the Great Ceremonial House .
Here is housed the registration desk numerous restaurants shops .
It is a two-floor building with a waterfall in the center , which is surrounded with tropical plants flowers .
This wondrous tableau is two stories tall completely takes up the center of the building .
There is a guest laundry room a video game room for the kids .
On the second floor in the Monorail which services the Magic Kingdom Epcot .
Our Building
We stayed in the Hawaii building which is a Concierge Service building .
Included as part of this service is a 2nd floor room where we go have a variety of foods during each day .
From 7:00 a.m.
till 10:30 a.m. they provide fresh fruits , juices , danish , cereals , teas , fresh brewed coffee is called Kakahiaka ( morning service ) .
From 12:00 p.m. till 4:00 p.m. we have Guava juice , lemonade , tea as well as various types of cookies this is called Auinala ( afternoon service ) .
From 5:00 p.m. till 7:00 p.m. we have available a selection of wines , light hors d'oeuvres , soda fruit juices this is called Ahiahi ( evening service ) .
finally from 8:00 p.m. till 10:00 p.m. visitors have a sampling of fantastic desserts a wide choice of cordials .
You were encouraged to take soda , water snacks back to your room for later consumption .
There was also expert staff in the building from 7:00 a.m.
till 10:00 p.m. each day to assist you with any problem that arise to assist in making reservations for dining special events .
Dining
In the Polynesian Resort there are several places to dine .
The biggest most elaborate is the nightly Luau held in Luau Cove .
This is a family style meal with pork chicken served with fruits , vegetables bread .
For dessert is pineapple cake .
During the meal is a Polynesian theme floorshow , complete with male female dancers in traditional costume .
We are 혩Cousins ' treated like family .
The meal consisted of pork dumplings , spring rolls , smoked salmon , noodles , steamed vegetables , grilled pork , turkey , top sirloin , jumbo shrimp .
Dessert is sliced fresh pineapple caramel sauce .
It's easy to get a seat early but for evening dining reservations are recommended .
Appetizers are available from 5:00 p.m. till 10:00 p.m. daily .
The Kona Caf챕 is an excellent place for a morning eye opener a family breakfast like Tonga Toast .
Overall
As I mentioned earlier we were there 25 years ago liked it so much we went back for our 25th anniversary .
I only that this time it will be 25 more years .
It's a great place for the entire family .
You are greeted with "Aloha ! " by all the staff .
Every question is answered in a quick efficient manner .
you want reservations to a show dinner they make you like they really want to make them for you .
Of all the places I've stayed over the years , Disney's Polynesian Resort is the best ! ! ! ! ! ! !
It be foolish to put some clever title on the review of this hotel , because it is exactly what it is .
We visited this resort for our 25th wedding anniversary .
We traveled in March , which tends to be the high rain season , it that every time we visit a beach resort it rains .
It rained every day , as we were in the midst of a minor storm that had done some damage to the islands .
I did have some concern because the big hurricane had done severe damage to the island , we were coming just a year later .
I was assured by the United Vacations representative that the island was in perfect condition , which was the case .
However , I recommend United Vacations unless you have really done your homework concerning your chosen destination .
The grounds were beautiful , the interior of the hotel was open to the outside , as were all the halls to the various destinations of the hotel .
In the lobby were a beautiful collection of live , native birds , of magnificent colors , some in cages , some sitting on perches .
There is nothing about this hotel that be a disappointment .
There are 602 rooms spread out over the large hotel area , they are only on two floors .
The Regency Club consisted of 40 incredibly beautiful room with a private access lounge .
The room was large , king size bed , interesting furniture , comfortable chairs , a patio balcony depending on the floor you were on .
I am always fascinated with the bathrooms in these hotels .
This was again marble , in two compartments , with sliding doors that open up to the room .
The Regency Club was the best one we have ever experienced .
We the food that they put out , starting with breakfast ending with evening drinks .
Breakfast contained anything you wanted , lunch was a nice snack , the evening snacks ....well , there was so much food we ate dinner in a week .
Every night they had a different theme for dinner , since there was so much to eat , drink , why pay for a meal .
The decor was very comfortable , tropical , became our little meeting area with friends , because the weather was so bad .
The whole time we were there the red flag was up , so we did n't get in the water .
There are two large swimming pools connected by a river like park , a sand beach .
The weather did give us a little break , we enjoyed this so much .
The children were having a great time with all the facilities at the pool .
The sand area is around a five acre saltwater lagoon .
Frankly , they did n't even need a beach !
One day I had to go to the Spa .
I decided on a package that had a facial , partial massage , manicure .
The price was about $ 100 , it took the whole afternoon .
The total spa area is 25,000 sq ft , has it 's own partially enclosed pool , elaborate exercise facility , lava rock showers .
This hotel is a real winner , complete with it 's own 18 hole golf course .
Although I be cautious about the time of year I visited , I say there is way you be disappointed in your stay here .
On our last trip to Hawaii my husband I cashed in our frequent flier miles with American Airlines for free airfare .
We decided to take advantage of these certificates while on the island of Kauai .
While on Kauai , we stayed at the Hyatt Regency are so glad that we did .
We have spent the $ 350 a night room rate , especially for a one week stay , but using the discount certificates brought the rate down to a more affordable $ 175 a night which was within our hotel budget for that island .
The first thing you will notice about this hotel is its open space design .
Both the lobby all hallways to the rooms were open to the gorgeous Hawaiian weather .
The lobby is adorned with lush gardens filled with colorful tropical plants flowers .
Alongside the gardens are beautiful tropical birds , some in cages some sitting on perches .
I was able to spend some time sitting on the comfortable benches just enjoying the scenery each morning .
You do get that cramped feeling I have experienced in many hotel rooms .
In addition to the bed were two comfortable chairs , dresser/entertainment unit two nightstands .
The bathroom had a shower/tub combination and a marble topped double basin vanity area ( that is great for when two people are trying to get ready at the same time ) .
I liked that there are shelves on each side of the vanity area for each persons personal items .
I helped to keep the bathroom looking neater .
There was also a separate area for the toilet with its own door , allowing for privacy while your partner is showering getting ready .
The resort area of the hotel is equally incredible .
There is an adult pool , a pool with a waterslide as well as several hot tubs nestled between the waterfalls tropical foliage .
While these are beautiful themselves , I was highly impressed with the vast saltwater lagoon that is sprinkled with several small "islands " with their own hammocks swaying between palm trees .
We ate at the " Tidepools " restaurant on the hotel property .
We were seated in a gazebo like structure , sitting in the middle of a pond complete with Koi fish .
The waiter the grilled seafood platter .
Our tastebuds were delighted with the luscious flavors of freshly grilled shrimp lobster complimented by a tropical fruit salsa .
The waiter did great with his to order that night 's special .
you are ever fortunate enough to visit the beautiful island of Kauai , try to stay at the Hyatt Regency , you wo n't be disappointed .
I am a travel agent .
The Starwood hotels gave us an excellent rate for our hotel room .
This hotel is way to big for comfort .
We afford room service , so maybe this is why we this way .
We afford to avail ourselves to the services .
We drove from the motel 6 in Venice , Fl , 130 miles , to get to use the early Disney Park privledge .
When I approached the check-in desk , after a 130 mile drive , I see disorganization , bad manners written all over the check-in persons face .
Supposedly the room was ready yet ? ?
We went I June , which was to be low season ?
Luckily , we were smart enough to leave our luggage parked in the Alamo rental car .
It have been a long , long haul since we did opt for valet parking .
We eventually , after eating up much of our early park entrance time , boarded the ferry for Epcot .
The ferry was wonderful .
I have road all day around the highly commercialized area .
We docked at the Epcot entrance gate .
We got a room assignment .
It was on the 10th floor , waaaay at the end of the hall .
Well I did ask to be away from the ice machines , so becareful what you ask for .
I had to literally hike down the hall , roll my luggage along the carpet .
This was a task .
The luggage did roll resistance .
Then when we finally got to the end of the narrow , hot hall , but quiet , I say .
We had to make a sharp right turn where ( 2 ) rooms were .
This narrow alcove of a hall was enough to test my claustrophobia .
We entered the room were at all impressed , this is coming from a motel 6 room .
The bed was non-descript , with an ugly bedspread pattern .
The entire room was pastel , horribly decorated .
I am in to the whimsical look .
Give me sturdy natical , I am happy .
The television , which matters to me , but greatly to our teenager , was a joke .
She however , is too proud to watch any television , because she is an addict .
She had to lay on her side to view the tv because straight ahead was our picture window .
Even at the motel 6 we step right out .
The view of Epcot at night was wonderful though .
This was complimentary entertainment .
The vanity was long nice .
We put our cooler on it , but there was sink at the vanity .
The bathroom did have a very nice vanity , a large area .
The decoration in the bathroom was lovely .
Every morning we got nicer tolietries .
I still have some of them , but of course we travel with soap , got this at the motel 6 as well .
The Dolphin has an honor bar of outrageously priced snacks .
There is a plastic locking twisty like they put on shoes in cheap stores .
We of course did touch this .
Disney hotels do away with the honor bar .
, they just remove the honor bars from the room put refrigerators .
After every meal time the guest put their trays out , we take the beautiful flowers off the trays decorate our room with them .
The hike to the beautiful swimming pool area was absurd .
It is a wonder people will pay for this long walk .
It kill repeat business .
The swimming pools were very nice clean , but down the road at the Coronado hotel they have a much better swimming pool .
We stayed away from the Grotto pool .
It was over run with toddlers .
The poolside bar served really good tasty hamburgers even though it was a bit pricey .
It took us forever to get our to go buddle of food .
I the kitchen had closed re-opened .
That is how long it took .
I asked him I hold his towels as a deposit , return them later ?
This was a lovely stay .
We much prefer the Starwood Vistana Oaks Plantation Resorts to the Dolphin .
We actually had maid service there .
So going from that to this which was the complete opposite was a big shock !
First off personally I was wanting to stay in the music resort but the siblings sports obsession won .
In a nutshell we all hated the resort .
One thing was the fact that you had to walk through a big food court /entertainment center then we had to hike what felt like a half a mile to our rooms back to get to the buses that take you to the parks .
Which is another thing , the resort to be farther from the parks so the bus ride to take some time .
Then there was the sheer tackyness of it all .
I that it is that you had a younger family they have enjoyed it more , mine consisted of my mid 40 's parents my 20yr old friend I my 16 yr old brother his friend .
There were way too many little kids .
The pool was a source of frustration for us also .
We really wanted to swim but in a bit more privacy , you forget about it at the All star resort .
There is one giant pool its always filled to the brim with small children .
Also my parents had a major issue with some teenage kids having a party in the room next to theres ...yeah they called the desk ...still it just does n't disney .
Basically , we concluded that we pay the extra 20 so dollars a night to stay in a different themed resort which more disneyish to us .
But , my is to pick a mid range resort go with that .
Something like Caribean Port Orleans .
Review Topic : Accommodations
I have a very bad experience with Riviera Hotel this spring when I visited Las Vegas .
I purchased an US Airways vacation ( including air hotel ) from their website .
As far as I remember , vacations with accommodations in Rio , Golden Nugget , Excalibur Las Vegas Hilton were available for cheaper rates than what I paid for Riviera .
According to the confirmation from USAirways vacation , we have reservation at Riviera for 3 nights starting that night .
Even when I explained to her that according to confirmation which had 3 night reservation , she does allow me to stay that night , I will have only two night stay at the hotel .
So all she has to do was to move my 3 day stay one day ahead .
It was even problem of availability .
She was ready to accommodate us I pay them extra for that night , which we did .
The whole decor of the casino hotel to have frozen 10-15 years back in time .
The rooms are OK .
The parking lot for the hotel guests is the farthest I have ever seen .
The hotel be on the strip 5 years back , anymore .
The " REAL STRIP" is where the new casinos like Paris , New York New York , Bellagio , Venetian , Mirage etc . are , which is quite far .
The Hyatt Regency in Kauai comes very close to being a top notch hotel , in my opinion .
We stayed at the Hyatt on our honeymoon - it was the first stop in a two-week honeymoon that took us to 3 hotels ( Four Seasons in Maui Four Seasons in Kona being the other two ) .
Since this was the first stop , we did n't have the other hotels to compare this one to .
That was smart because nothing compare to the Four Seasons .
My biggest complaint about the hotel is that they charge you a daily fee for parking .
They charge you you choose valet self park .
Valet is more expensive , of course , but they charge for both .
I found this an unnecessary charge for such an upscale hotel .
Okay , now that that is behind us , let 's talk about the beauty of this hotel .
The grounds are breathtaking .
The best part of the grounds is the lagoon pools .
The pools are all freshwater .
The pools are on multiple levels with waterfalls between the levels .
All around the pools are sun decks with lounge chairs .
then there is the lagoon .
The lagoon is salt water with an artificial sand-like bottom .
I say sand-like because the sand pieces are way too large to be natural sand .
When walking on it , it does n't stick to your feet !
The individual pieces are too big !
How clever .
Swimming in the lagoon was more fun than the pools , in my opinion , because it felt more like swimming in a natural setting .
The deep end of the lagoon is also used for scuba diving classes .
We had a large room with a balcony that contained a king bed a full bed .
The other complaint was the bathroom .
I guess I am spoiled thinking back to the Four Seasons bathroom I guess it is unfair to compare them because the Hyatt bathroom was completely adequate - just up to par with the Four Seasons .
Our package at the Hyatt included free continental breakfast every morning .
To pay for a full breakfast at these hotels will set you back a hefty sum so the free all-you-can-eat setup was a definite plus .
We ate in an open air setting adjacent to a small pond with swans .
Perfect .
The main lobby of the hotel is beautiful - kind of indoors kind of outdoors .
A bit hard to describe but you 'll know what I mean when you see it .
Makes you wonder what they do in bad weather .
Although the hotel is situated adjacent to a beach , the beach is among the best I 've seen .
First of all , the water is way too rough in this part of Kauai to swim in .
The beach itself was a big narrow the clean white sand you of when thinking of Hawaii .
Also , the hotel is on the southeast side of the island so there were sunsets over the water .
We ate in all the restaurants at the hotel at least once .
All excellent exactly what you 'd at an expensive hotel .
The cost of dinner for two easily exceed $ 100 with wine , etc . so be careful .
I have liked a complimentary newspaper each morning but that have cost extra ...
you are into spas , I 'm told the Hyatt 's is above average in quality in price .
too surprising - that is a recurring theme at this hotel .
On the one rainy day we experienced , we asked the concierge what there is to do when it rains .
We were told to go to the movies to go bowling .
I did go all the way to Hawaii to do of those .
We were on our honeymoon so we did n't really care about being stuck in our room while it rained .
:-)
I have stayed many times over the years at the Essex House .
Unfortunately it has now become " just another " hotel .
Most of the good staff have fleed , they now charge you extra even for a king bed .
Ducasse is an incredible rip off .
Pretentious is an understatement .
you afford to spend $ 300 for a meal , you give to charity , this is criminal .
Cafe Botanicca is a pleasant environment , the food is ok , what it used to be .
Regis Club " They have taken the top floors added a few amenities are now trying to convince the public that this is a real St .
Regis .
My new favorite is the Parker Meridien , far superior , character .
What a great Tahoe hotel !
An older resort , it is nice although somewhat unspectacular when you drive up for the first time .
Then , when you walk out of the snow into the lobby ....well , WOW !
The expansive lobby area is dark , warm , decorated in beautiful , rustic , mountain chic...with lots of dark wood , stone , high beams .
Big fireplaces were going with cozy leather furniture groupings around each , almost begging us to curl up there with a warming libation .
My husband I visited the week before Christmas , the numerous , beautifully decorated lobby trees only enhanced the ambiance .
This was necessarily a bad thing , but was rather in keeping with the general tone of this quaint , slow-paced resort town .
It was there you needed it , but in the in-your-face-everywhere-you-turn sort of way that it is , for instance , on a cruise ship .
The hotel employees were generally informal , friendly helpful .
The only that comes to mind was a kiosk set up near the main elevators from which time-share hawkers continuously beckoned hotel guests as they came to from their rooms .
We got a King Hotel Room , we were extremely happy with it .
It was newly decorated ( looked it ) , furnished in sort of a rustic-yet-contemporary style with an earthtone pallette .
We had a spacious , well lighted bathroom ( always a big plus for me ! ) , large closet , mini-bar , armoire with television , work/entertainment table chairs , what was the most comfortable hotel bed I have ever slept in .
The bed had a fantastic mattress box spring ( which is sometimes aggravatingly ) , TWO sheets with a soft , thermal blanket between them .
It was topped with a heavy down comforter , was just fabulous to sink into after a day of skiing while the snow swirled wind howled outside .
We were on the 7th floor , had a breathtaking view from our large windows of both the mountains lake .
The resort boasts an absolutely beautiful restaurant lounge called the Lone Eagle Grille .
You do have a short walk to get to it , as it is located across the street ( directly on the shore of Lake Tahoe ) .
Well worth the hike , even in the snow .
It was built in a 1920 's lakefront lodge style , is exquisitely warm romantic .
Huge picture windows face out over the lake , outdoor fireplaces were burning on the lakefront patio where a well-bundled , impervious-to-cold crowd sipped cocktails .
Inside , large fireplaces burned continuously more of the vintage mountain decor prevailed .
On one side , a light appetizer menu was served along with an extensive list of martinis other libations .
The other side of the lodge is an upscale restaurant ( which we did n't try , but looked to be doing a land-office business ) .
I highly recommend a visit to the cocktail lounge side of the Lone Eagle , at the very least .
Try the lobster bisque ...it was some of the best we 'd ever had .
We did n't have many of our meals at the hotel , but what food we did have was good fairly priced .
It 's one of those Old West throw-your-peanut-shells-on-the-floor places .
it was fun relaxed , bartenders were great ( thanks , Jeff ! ) , both food beverages were delicious priced right .
One word of caution , though ...the slots are EXTREMELY tight at the Hyatt .
You will very easily run through a $ 20 on a quarter slot machine in less than 10 minutes in that casino ( this is betting one credit at a time ) .
I like to add that I fully to lose everything I put into a slot machine , but I like to get a little entertainment bang for my buck while doing so .
We drove about 5 miles to the west to Jim Kelly 's Nugget Casino one night ( right on the CA/NV border ) I played for 45 minutes with one $ 20.
They boast slots that are " 23 % looser " according to Nevada gambling statistics .
Based upon my personal experience , it certainly to be the case .
They also have a sauna , as well as a large jacuzzi heated pool .
The special services are inexpensive , but are they outrageous ...and they are performed in a lovely , relaxing , professional environment .
There are plenty of of places to ski all around the lake , all are relatively centrally located to the resort .
There are more casinos on the South Shore ( it is also more congested touristy ) , but having stayed on both sides , I prefer the more quaint low-key North Shore .
Two restaurant recommendations before I wrap up .
you visit Lake Tahoe , try The Blue Agave on the NW side of the lake .
It is a lovely restaurant with a beautiful view of the lake , is quite inexpensive .
For a memorable dining experience when money is object , try Le Petit Pier , located in Tahoe Vista ( about 7 miles west of the Hyatt ) .
The wine list was outstanding , everything we ordered , from Escargot Fois Gras to Lavender Honey Glazed Duck Breast Herbed Rack of Lamb , was spectacular !
Every taste was an epicurian delight , right down to the tiny champagne watermelon sorbet presented as a palate cleanser between courses .
My husband had the Creme Brulee ( with a surprise berry bottom ) for dessert , proclaimed that he had enjoyed versions of the custard "in the shadow of the Eiffel Tower which were as wonderful" .
Be prepared to drop some serious change you go , but you will certainly find it well worth it !
Overall , I highly recommend the Hyatt Regency Lake Tahoe Resort Casino .
Almost everything you want is under one roof , everything else is mere minutes away .
My experience at the W New York disappointed on almost every level .
Checking in , there was absolutely recognition of my platinum status .
When I asked about a suite upgrade , I was told that I had been upgraded to a business room but that suites were available .
I thanked the cast member , walked upstairs called SPG.
They confirmed that suites were available at my request , they called the hotel manager .
When I returned to the desk , lo behold , I had been upgraded to a suite .
I just wish it had n't taken so much effort - it really did colour my entire view of the hotel .
We took the lift upstairs went to see our new suite .
The rooms were small , like most New York hotels .
The hallways are very dark , even by W standards .
The room was very dark as well , really do with additional lighting .
Even my young eyes complained .
But the dim lighting was n't enough to hide furniture which have been replaced eighteen months ago .
The entire room looked very tired .
Drawers did n't fit properly , everything was rickety .
It looked like two-year-old Ikea furniture that had been poorly assembled to start with .
at all like the solid , nice looking furniture I 've come across at other W's .
The 'down-at-the-heels ' trend continued throughout the hotel .
Our coat hooks were loose .
Our air conditioning was an antique .
Still , at least it worked .
I understand that on Monday Tuesday , the hotel was air conditioning at all .
In common with every other W I have stayed in , the smoking room I had requested came any ashtrays .
Ironically , every non-smoking room I have stayed in had two ashtrays in the desk drawer .
I 've specifically asked for a smoking room , please provide me an ashtray .
I just want to smoke .
We talked for several hours as I helped increase her business .
I it be rude to have a beer three .
In my opinion , this hotel has had its day .
It need a full refit of furnishing some serious training to the staff before I 'd ever return .
Disney 's All Star Sports hotel offers a great price range houses you close to the Disney magic .
The rooms are a decent size each building is themed to different sporting events like tennis , surfing , baseball , football .
The scenery around the area is very nice as well .
I recently took a trip to Disney stayed at this resort for 8 nights .
The rooms were a decent size .
For each different themed building , there were different accessories to decorate each room .
For example , there were paintings of surfers beaches in the surfing building .
Each room has 2 queen sized bed , but I you also stay in a room with a single , king sized bed .
Next to the sink area , there is a closet , a safe , a bathroom .
The bathroom itself is quite small , but the shower is a standard size with adjustable water pressure .
While the room was n't so bad , there were things that I liked did n't like about The All Star Sports , like many hotels .
First : the excellent price I got for nightly stays .
The All-Star Resort offers the cheapest hotel rate in all of Disney property !
Prices range from $ 89 dollars a night to $ 135 , which is really good for staying on property .
Second : The transportation provided by Disney at the All Star is the most efficient method of transportation in all of Disneyworld .
On average , I waited about 10 minutes for each bus to arrive to the different parks .
Even better , there is only one stop for many of the busses .
At other hotels , you have to go from place to place to place before you actually make your way to the park .
Third : The food court provided by the All Star is great !
There are many different varieties of food found here , like an Italian place ( pizza , spaghetti/meatballs ) , a fastfood stand ( hamburgers , chicken fingers ) , "home-cooked " meals ( meatloaf ) an all-day breakfast stand so you get donuts in the afternoon you really wanted to .
Disney also sells a mug for about $ 10.00 that you use at the soda machines during your entire stay .
10 bucks like a lot right now , but it saves you a lot of money because you get drinks at your leisure .
The So All Star ...
This resort does n't deserve 5 stars for a couple different reasons ...
Many times the gigantic pool is overly crowded you 're lucky , you wo n't be able to hear all of the noise that they make at night .
I 've gone out early in the morning come back to the room at about 2:00pm the room still has n't been made up ! ( Of course , when they finally do clean the rooms , everything is up to par ) .
Travelling to the attractions takes a little longer than ...
When you stay on property , you to be close to all of the Disney theme parks attractions .
Everything else is at least a 15 minute ride , more .
So , Disney gives you a resort at a great value , but there is still a price to pay for what you are n't literally paying for !
in NY on business pleasure , the hotel 's location is great .
Following Westin 's strategy for the W chain , this W was formerly a run down hotel that Westin acquired , restyled reopened as a W. The rooms are just as small as before but are now nicely appointed .
The hallways on the room floors are only dimly lit are well appointed .
Being a corporate lawyer I travel to NY a lot have stayed at the W twice .
The first time I was in a small room , but it was nicely decorated sufficient .
The second time I the size of my room - my dorm room in college was larger .
There was dresser credenza to store my clothes - only the closet ( which was also very small ) .
I will stay at this hotel again just based on the size of this room .
I stay at the Waldorf for $ 10 more ( corporate rate ) get a much larger room .
Although the room size is awful , the hotel does have some nice touches - the shower head ( bathtub ) is that very large one that provides a rainfall effect , the room had internet capability , fax machine the beds are the very nice Westin feather beds .
Another benefit of the hotel is that Whiskey Blue is off the lobby .
This bar is very popular on the weekends the lines get long .
Guests at the hotel get immediate access to the bar waiting in the line .
Note that there is restaurant at the hotel .
Plot Details : This opinion reveals minor details about the movie ' 's plot .
The baby is named Buddy ( played by Ferrell ) raised by a senior elf ( Bob Newhart ) as one of the North Pole 's own .
Eventually , Buddy is sent back to his home town of New York to find his biological father ( James Caan ) .
The opening scenes are a letter-perfect take-off on the Rankin-Bass Christmas TV specials .
Newhart 's straight-to-the-camera , deadpan narration sets the perfect tone .
There are many scenes of broad physical comedy where Buddy is overawed by modern life misinterprets people 's commands to him .
ever there was a pregnant premise for comedy , a naive , six-foot-tall elf set loose in unforgiving New York City ought to be it .
Steve Martin Jim Carrey have the wild abandon for this kind of thing , heaven knows what elfin Robin Williams have done with the role .
while everyone else in the movie sincerely committed to the story 's sweetness , Ferrell 's elf is little more than a variation on his "SNL " old routine as a hyperactive male cheerleader .
Elf is inoffensive enough , kids will lap it up .
But even the children at the preview audience more grossed out than cheered by some of the movie 's Ferrelly Bros.-like humor , such as Buddy re-chewing discarded bubble gum pouring maple syrup on everything he eats .
you 're a discriminating adult , Elf wo n't be much more palatable .
Elf is rated PG for minor adult language references .
Plot Details : This opinion reveals everything about the movie ' 's plot .
So he tries to sell new Winchester rifles by shooting at people .
He is recruited by the Emperor of Japan to fight against the rebellion of samurais .
As from the previews , he then becomes a samurai himself , then he fights against the emperor 's army .
Review - Do n't let this movie fool you .
I looks like an epic .
It stars Tom Cruise .
It 's big , loud , it looks great .
But , deep down inside , this is better than an Ed Wood film .
So , why is this a bad film ?
There be some ripping off , but this film goes overboard .
Here 's all the things I point out :
Glory- Remember the part in Glory when Broderick shouts : " Faster !
Faster ! " while training the black army for the North ?
Tom Cruise , while training the Japanese , shouts : " Shoot me !
Shoot me ! Faster !
Faster ! " Also , Broderick shoots a gun a couple of time to scare the black man make him nervous to simulate a real battle .
In Glory , after this ordeal , Broderick says : " Teach them properly . "
Tom Cruise says : " They are ready . "
Cool Hand Luke- Remember when Paul Newman is fighting that big guy in the boxing match , he wo n't give up , even though he knows he is defeated ?
Well , in The Last Samurai , there is a scene EXACTLY like it ! ! , of boxing gloves , they 're wooden swords .
Tom Cruise 's character is proud of what he did to some of the Native Americans .
Tom Cruise is a frontier man that becomes like the Samurai .
He learns their ways , learns to love them .
Though I listed only 4 examples , I counted 10 when I first came out of the theater , but I ca n't of the others .
However , it rips off hundreds of characterizations from other movies books .
Other than the rip offs , I find it very funny how Tom Cruise , the all-mighty white man , it the only survivor of the entire Samurai army .
I 'm sorry , when thousands of bullets are flying right to you , you are going to get hit , you are going to die- PERIOD .
He to have just had these nightmares , but after these nightmares , these actions do n't come in anywhere else in the movies .
He did n't even really put up a good fight against his commander 's orders .
He does n't even get tempted to shoot .
He just fires away .
It have been a great movie .
It does have beautiful scenery , some of the best since Lord of the Rings .
The acting is well done , I really liked the son of the leader of the Samurai .
But , other than all that , this movie is nothing more than hidden rip-offs .
This movie portrays the the children 's story " The Cat in the Hat " in a very colorful original manner .
The children are adorable the cat is very amusing .
I 've got to admit that the first time I saw the trailer for Calendar Girls I was n't exactly charged with anticipation .
The trailer did manage to make the film look fun , but the concept strongly reminded me of The Full Monty , which is a film I personally found a little overrated .
I wanted to add further concerns I tell you about how I decided to search Epinions for some reviews on the film , my search revealed nothing but a small selection of more , adult titles .
Nevertheless I recognized that only did the trailer look fun , but I had been pleasantly surprised by another British comedy that did n't appeal to me , Bend It Like Beckham .
With those thoughts running through my mind I decided to throw caution to the wind go down to the local cinema to see Calendar Girls .
I 'm glad I went to see it now , because the film has remained just that .
Fun !
It tells the story of 2 friends named Chris Annie who are members of their local Women's Institute , but when Annie 's husband comes down with Leukemia their lives are shattered .
Before he died he wrote a poem about his flowers , mentioned how flowers are like Women , they get more beautiful with age ( note-this does necessarily reflect my own opinion ) .
After he 's died the 2 of them decide to try raise some money for a comfortable sofa in the hospital waiting room so that other grieving families at least have a little comfort .
However since the women 's Institute makes money off their sales Chris decides to try a different approach , gets a few of the other members to join her in making a nude calendar .
That 's nude , naked , because they that as long as they keep themselves covered behind fruit things then it will be OK .
Needless to say the Calendar is more than a local success , by the time Hollywood beckons they have enough money to buy a settee still donate 99 % of their earnings to cancer research .
As with most comedy 's of this type the main reason is succeeds is it 's absolutely charming cast .
The 2 main characters alone are played by award winning actresses , Chris by Helen Mirran ( The Madness Of King George ) Annie by Julie Walters ( Educating Rita ) both give wonderful performances .
Mirran absolutely nails the role of the fun loving Chris who has to remain down to earth for the sake of her companions .
Walters gives a touching performance as the grieving widow determined to do anything to make money for others in her situation , but together their partnership becomes even more than the sum of it 's parts .
They display an amazing amount of chemistry play off of each other 's style just enough to keep the characters believable .
They 're well by an absolutely stellar cast though .
The cast features such names as Penelope Wilton ( Carrington ) Celia Emrie ( Bridgette Jones Diary ) Ciaran Hinds ( Tomb Raider 2 ) among others .
Yet most memorable of the entire cast is One Foot In The Grave 's , Annette Crosbie , who plays Miss September , Jerssie .
I remember seeing her just expecting her to be playing an uptight , prim proper lady .
However this confusion was the cause of some of the films bigger laughs as she was one of the more supportive characters .
Crosbie the other actresses did n't have to rely on just themselves though because they had the of some good writers .
The film featured quite a few genuine laugh out loud moments , such as the scene where Chris 's son his friend walk in whilst she 's demonstrating the modeling .
That other jokes had the audience literally roaring with laughter .
Yet what I liked best about the writing was the jokes themselves , but with the way the material was handled .
It actually gets the whole central story of making the calendar out of the way surprisingly early , but then goes on to examine the effects that modeling nude had on their lives .
Chris 's teenage son feels so humiliated by the calendar that he turns to , what he believes are drugs ; another of the women arrives home to find her husband leaving her for another woman .
Then as calendar really finds success they find themselves being exploited by people who have come to nudity from them .
Throughout the film the material was sensitively honestly handled in this same manner .
Before I finish I will give mention to the films nudity .
I 'll try to avoid those sort of comments here , but needless to say there will be some going in who wont be expecting any real nudity .
For example I went in knowing the concept was hoping that the nudity remain what you see in the photo 's , but in between the shoots there is some brief nudity , the shoots themselves get a little close to the bar of a 12 rated movie .
However you about nudity in films , it 's that many people will actually want to see this so I posted this little warning here .
you do n't think you 'll mind some mild nudity involving older ladies though , then Calendar Girls is a fun , well acted at times emotional movie that 's worth seeing .
Calendar Girls is rated 12A , for mild nudity some bad language
I caught this movie on the comedy channel today , want to find it on dvd now , for my collection .
It 's what I 'd term the " stupid-funny " style , much like Mel Brooks make .
you 're one of those people that 's easily offended by non "politically correct " movies , steer clear of this one .
you 're capable of laughing at the world , especially at yourself , watch this movie !
Plot Details : This opinion reveals no details about the movie 's plot .
This review is based on my own opinion as a family man and father of three boys , ages 4 , 8 and 11 .
I consider myself a moderate person that is not overly protective or overly liberal .
I believe parents are responsible to find a balance in making our kids aware of reality while at the same time protecting them ( and their innocence ) from it .
I love Dr. Seuss stories .
I grew up reading his books and still enjoy reading them to my sons .
Shame on me for not checking the rating before taking the kids to the theater .
I think this rendition of the story would make Dr. Seuss roll over in his grave .
The movie is absent 4-letter words and explicit sex scenes , but the inappropriate-for-children content and mature innuendos in this movie overshadow the story line and plot .
There were enough instances that I cannot recall all of them , but multiple times during the movie I felt uncomfortable wondering if any of my three sons understood the inappropriate jokes .
I later discovered my 11 year old understood all of them ( I wish he had n't ) , my 8 year old understood about 1/2 of them , and my 4 year old is still innocent enough to understood none of them ( except the "butt scene " ) .
The most memorable moments that I did not appreciate are the "butt scene " - where the cat was outfitted with a large bare bottom , using the term " Dirty Ho " - referring to a dirty gardening hoe , and an acronym for the cat 's vehicle is S.H.I.T.
This story is written more for parents who are Mike Meyers fans more than it is for small children .
It is full of funny faces , personality shifts , and one-liners that are classic Meyers .
Kids like the quick transition and can relate to the main characters who are a boy and girl .
The story line and plot itself is poor and does n't flow nearly as smooth as a Dr. Seuss 's classic should .
This rendition pales in contrast to the other Seuss classic that was released in recent years , " The Grinch" .
In all fairness , my children enjoyed the movie .
As an added bonus , my 8 year old said " Dirty Ho " for the first time and thanks to his older brother , now understands it too .
This movie will leave you wanting more ... of NEMO , that is .
I WOULD NOT SEE THIS HERE OR THERE , I WOULD NOT SEE THIS AGAIN ANYWHERE...
Poor Dr. Seuss' , he be rolling in his grave .
This movie stank , stunk , stinks ... Mike Myers is a twit that obviously was suffering severely from being in that costume .
His acting stank , stunk , stinks .
This movie is for young children , which is rather disappointing because thats who have watched the movie had it been any good .
Sure the special effects were neat , I guess , you are into those types of things .
The jokes were that funny .
It was worth the money paid .
I have waited until it came out on video rented it for .99 cents .
Better yet waited a few years until they played it on some hacked up cable channel .
Calendar Girls , which has already seen a release in Britain , will be making its way over the Atlantic in time for the holiday season .
Luckily , I get these nice invitations from the Philadelphia Film Society to attend sneak previews premieres , so my wife I found ourselves treated to a free screening of this film a good month before it hits theaters .
For me , the big-screen experience is all about stunning visuals , thundering sounds , jaw-dropping special effects .
That said , I completely enjoyed Calendar Girls as a happy , spirited , light-hearted , peculiarly English comedy .
Characters and Plot
The Knapely chapter of the Women 's Institute ( W.I. ) is n't very interesting .
Topics like the history of broccoli carpets tend to predominate the presentations , right from the beginning , we find ourselves laughing along with our two main protagonists , Annie ( Julie Walters ) Chris ( Helen Mirren ) , as they suffer through the deadly dull pontifications that make up the WI meetings .
Fairly soon after his death , the Knapely W.I. finds itself once again in the position of having to publish its annual calendar for charity .
of the usual church buildings pictures of Yorkshire , however , Chris decides that something different is needed .
After receiving some inspiration from one of her son 's "adult " magazines a gas-station biker-chick calendar , she conceives the of a calendar picturing various members of the W.I. in the nude .
Of course , they be doing very W.I.-appropriate activities while in their birthday suits , so it be more classy than crass .
The money raised go to the local hospital 's leukemia ward .
Soon , despite opposition from the local chapter president , some last-minute pleas to the general W.I. convention , the calendar goes to press .
What follows is a media frenzy that was entirely unexpected , leading to BBC spots , tabloid reporters , Late Night appearances , sleazy Hollywood directors , lots lots of money raised for the local hospital .
What Did I ?
I really liked Calendar Girls .
One of the wonderful elements of this picture is its celebration of beauty outside of Hollywood magazine pages .
Helen Mirren , undeniably a very attractive older woman , brings a spark of glamour to the story , but the very ordinariness of many of the other women , the art with which they are presented in the calendar is a refreshing reminder that beauty be more than we see in Cosmopolitan Access Hollywood .
Despite all the high-sounding declarations above about beauty truth , the simple fact is that this is a fun movie .
The subject matter lends itself to all sorts of hilarity .
From the reactions of the models ' husbands families , to the media blitz , there are many moments of outright laughter throughout the film .
Anything Wrong With It ?
There were a few flaws I found in Calendar Girls .
A few conflicts were developed that found any resolution in the film .
Of course , there is absolute necessity to wrap everything up neatly by the end of an hour a half , but it is nice to see at least the beginnings of a resolution on most of the issues .
One particular storyline involving Chris 's son does provide a few comedy a few drama moments , but peters out , is lost in the wash of the story 's climax .
The other small complaint I express regards the Hollywood furor that develops around the Knapely women .
This segment of the film , while funny at times , devolves into a not-too-subtle critique of Hollywood the television industry .
I just found that portion to be a bit more forced than the rest .
Final Thoughts
Calendar Girls is quite simply an all-around enjoyable film .
The acting is solid , the premise is believable ( good thing , as it 's based on a true story ) , the whole experience is rife with humor .
The few flaws hardly detract from the general sense of enjoyment engendered by the movie .
Even this kind of film is n't your cup of tea , about renting it when it hits your local video store .
It 's definitely worth seeing you 're home for a quiet evening .
Details : This opinion reveals major details about the movie ' 's plot .
Sometimes , the problem with writing a review is just knowing whom you're writing it for .
That's because your target audience is an important consideration when you're recording your impressions on any given product .
Do they have the same taste as you ?
Will they at least be able to understand your analysis critique ?
Any reviewer has his her own biases , after all .
It's important for a reader to identify this , then take any advice in a review accordingly .
So what's the point of all this in relation the Universal Pictures ' The Cat in the Hat ? We're getting there , so please be patient .
They've also marketed it to the max , Cat in the Hat merchandise is to be seen lately just about everywhere you go .
There's just one problem with this that I see .
Above all , this is a children's film ( though some adults will enjoy it ) .
So what is the problem ?
The children aren't writing the reviews .
That said , I I attempt to take a kid's perspective into view in writing my own review .
But before all of that , let it be known that The Cat in the Hat is loosely based on Dr. Seuss children's story of the same name .
That story was an exceedingly long one , so as you imagine the film has been extended quite a bit with original material in order to make it a feature length film .
Even at that , it 's only about 82 minutes , rather brief indeed by today's standards .
The action follows little Sally ( Dakota Fanning ) Conrad ( Spencer Breslin ) who live with their mom in a house like any other in the quaint town of Annville .
As with any kids , Sally Conrad have their own little idiosyncrasies .
Conrad just loves to break the rules , to do the opposite of whatever he's told .
Sally , by contrast , is quite the opposite .
She's a stickler for being organized , prim proper , so much so that it has cost her her friends .
Enter mom Joan ( Kelly Preston ) .
She's involved with the guy next door ( Alec Baldwin ) , who can't stand the kids , is trying to convince Joan to place Conrad in military school .
Joan is torn on what to do , to add to her problems her retentive boss Mr. Humberfloob ( Sean Hayes ) wants to host an important company party at her home .
Which be , of course , spotless , dooming the kids to a rainy day of boredom .
To keep the house clean , they're restricted as to what they do .
Until , that is , a mysterious six-foot tall talking cat in a magical hat ( Mike Myers ) arrives changes all the rules .
the movie is fun .
But more often than , he's very funny , at times hilarious .
His interaction with Sally Conrad are well executed , both Fanning Breslin give adequate performances .
Kelly Preston has little to do much time to do it in .
Baldwin , however , is a convincing bad guy .
It's fun watching him go down .
Sean Hayes is also a lot of fun in his brief appearances as Humberfloob .
Much of the magic of the film , however , is the fantastic world imagined by Seuss brought to life on the big screen .
The sets are delightful , as are the amazing characters Thing One Thing Two .
The special effects that bring them their amazing antics to life are a lot of fun indeed .
With a stretched plot at times juvenile humor level , this film won't appeal to all adults .
I laughed a lot enjoyed it , but for many it be best to wait for this one to hit the DVD shelves .
How do they like it ?
When we attended , the kids in the audience magically enthralled , eyes fixed on the screen throughout the film with nary a sound escaping their lips for the frequent fits of laughter .
Kids 11 under will love the film .
There are a few moments of adult humor , but they're mild there's nothing that kids will really pick up on .
At the end of the film , kids were calling the Cat "cool" , although Thing One Thing Two to get more praise than the Cat himself did .
The film to be very popular , I its rather brief running time is perfectly suited for younger ( shorter ) attention spans .
The Cat in the Hat is a children's film above all else , when judged on that criteria it 's a great way to spend a Saturday afternoon with your youngsters .
Don't more from it , you even enjoy the film along with them , as I did .
The Gothic tradition of violent change enveloped in mystery steeped in moody atmosphere is re-imagined by Hollywood in " Gothika" ...or so they want you to .
Halle Berry plays criminal psychologist , Dr. Miranda Grey , whose stable life is turned up-side-down after an accident on a bridge during a dark and stormy night .
She awakens , shocked to find herself incarcerated at the Woodward Penitentiary for Women , alongside the criminally insane patients she once treated .
to remember having committed an unmotivated act of such sheer brutality against a husband she loved admired ( Charles S. Dutton ) .
My first was : Do n't most wives that murder their husbands wake up in jail first ?
The visions in question concern a mysterious young woman shivering naked in the road during that dark stormy night when Miranda 's trouble began .
These images are from a vengeful spirit in Miranda 's mind , causing her to question many things about her own beliefs in psychology - such as , maybe the patients that say they are hearing voices really are hearing voices - that she herself is possessed .
In an ironic twist , we find Miranda 's own treatment mirroring her old therapies used on dangerous patients such as Chloe ( Penelope Cruz ) , whose confessions of satanic torture were dismissed by the prude Miranda as ramblings .
The problem with being crazy is that matter what you say how well you say it , they 'll still you 're crazy .
This have been a welcoming topic to play upon even it has been done before , but the moment comes then it passes as a means to give the viewers an uneasy feeling .
Halle as a criminal psychologist was a believable job .
She struggled on medical terminology her character unacquainted in her own environment .
Miranda the patient was a more impression , considering Halle Berry has a natural confused look on her face which enhances this role .
The movie talks horror and fear but delivers .
The ambience has a natural for any " B" horror film , yet the actual scare tactics are by the storyline : The audience "needs " to be afraid for Miranda , but the writer and director assume we will be .
of walking us slowly through these moments , we are intended to use the totality of the movie as a "what " scenario .
- What you were told that you did something terrible but you have memory of doing it ?
-
That 's scary .
The Haunted Mansion was a fun Disney movie .
I was on my honeymoon in Lake Tahoe when I went to see this movie .
My new wife it be fun to see so I agreed to see it with her .
I was thinking that it be lame as I Eddie Murphy did a bad job on Dr. Doolittle .
The scary scenes mostly were a little scary the funny scenes were funny enough to be laughed at .
I can't remember any part of the movie where I wanted to look down at my watch see how much longer we had before we leave;and I'm a stubborn goat .
I am one who analyzes films enough to predict the next action taken , but this film gave a few surprises ( I will be creating films as a computer animator , thus I analyze ) .
I found it interesting that the story was told well it corresponded enough with the ride to have a familiar tone , but had enough originality that I did as though I was on the ride; I have ridden hundreds of times before ( being a former mouse employee ) .
The beginning of the story took a while to run made me a little anxious to get on with the rest of the film so I see how the movie relate to the ride .
I this movie as a date movie a "friends family " gathering movie;and a fun one to watch in a theater setting .
Wonderful job , Disney
I first saw a preview for Bad Santa about four weeks ago .
I had n't laughed that hard that consistently at just a preview in a very very long time .
That being said , I was nervous about this flick because there are oh so many times where the preview shows you the only good funny parts .
For those who had the same fear as I did , you have fear .
Bad Santa is the most deliciously gut-busting adults only comedy since 1999 's South Park : Bigger , Longer Uncut .
Directed by Terry Zwigoff ( Ghost World ) , produced by the Coen brothers ( Fargo , The Big Lebowski ) , Bad Santa stars Billy Bob Thornton as Willie T Soke , a plus-size bottom sex craved depressed alcoholic who cracks safes .
His partner in crime is Marcus ( Tony Cox , Me , Myself Irene ) .
As a team , they set up shop in a different city each Christmas , Thornton as the department store Santa , Cox as one of his elves .
On Christmas Eve , they rob the department store blind , usually to the tune of six figures in cash untold value in merchandise .
The set up this year is Phoenix , Arizona .
They get a job at a mall , replacing a 5 years running Santa thanks to the penny pinching attitude of the mall/store ( it 's which one he really is ) manager , played by the late John Ritter in one of his final film roles .
The manager then goes to the mall security guard , Gin ( Bernie Mac ) , who is on a power trip that just wo n't end .
" The Kid " ( as Thornton refers to him throughout the movie ) follows Thornton to a bar .
It 's in this bar where Thornton meets Sue ( Lauren Graham ) , a girl with a big time Santa fetish .
When Thornton realizes the kid has followed him , he takes him back home , where Thurman lives with his whacked out grandmother ( his parents are away for reasons that are revealed through the course of the film ) , played by Cloris Leachman .
Over the course of the movie , Marcus does his best to keep Willie out of trouble .
It is n't easy , given Willie 's penchant for having sex in the plus size fitting rooms , showing up late drunk to work , becoming slower slower on the safecracking year after year .
Willie , meanwhile , becomes a sort of father figure to Thurman , despite the fact that he sees nothing but a loser in the kid .
He questions why he does n't stand up to the skate punks who pick on him , tries his best to teach him to fight .
One that with this set up , a warm , happy ending is in the cards .
again .
What makes Bad Santa such a good movie , just a funny one ( an apt description for say , Mallrats , which is far from good , but damned funny ) , is that it holds expectations for itself .
It crashes down on the holiday season the way that the previously mentioned South Park film crashed down on musicals .
The Kid does bring out a bit of humanity soul whatever in Thornton 's character , but because Thornton 's ' Santa ' is so black in spirit , any redemption humanity is short lived .
The one drawback to the film is in some of its pacing editing .
The scenes between Ritter Mac in particular like they were n't even shot at the same time with them in the same room .
So you the wife/husband want a night out alone with a film that will make you laugh harder than any other film this year , get a babysitter go see Bad Santa .
Besides the kids , you want to leave your pretensions at the house as well .
Bad Santa has officially topped Pirates of the Caribbean Bruce Almighty as my favorite film of the year .
I give it 4.5 stars a hearty HO HO HO recommendation .
Plot Details : This opinion reveals major details about the movie 's plot .
I just want to be upfront on the following .
To dump your wife through a divorce petition is pretty sleazy .
What 's even sleazier is to abandon her while she 's pregnant with your child then try to say that the marriage was only enforce for 9 years 11 months so that you skirt the 10 year California rule on split of assets .
It 's sleazy .
I 've always had a soft spot for the lovable creature that he is by the time he made Top Gun , I was swearing my undying devotion to him .
I do n't that he 's a particularly gifted actor however , like Britney Spears , he is the consummate entertainer .
I doubt that he 'll ever win an Oscar for Best Actor .
Why ?
In the end , I that his looks are what sabotage him .
The best thing that happen to him is an industrial accident .
What does this have to do with The Last Samurai ?
I 'll get to that in a moment .
It 's 1876 .
The movie opens up with Nathan Algren ( Tom Cruise ) sabotaging his own employment opportunities by funneling his anger regret into a bottle of alcohol an attitude of rebellion .
What 's he so upset about ?
As a captain , he spent time fighting those savages along the way , he massacred innocent women children .
That 's enough to make any man with a conscious , drink .
The Japanese government , recognizing his keen ability to get the job done , hires him to train their troops in the modern ways of war .
Who is the enemy ?
Their own people , specifically those who do wish to see the modern ways take over their world .
That effort is driven by the samurai's their honorable leader , Katsumoto ( Ken Watanabe ) .
Algren , for the right price , takes the job on .
The Japanese peasants , who make up most of the emperor 's army , are ill-prepared for any type of battle .
Unfortunately , the government does n't want to hear that despite Algren 's proof , they send a group in to hold the samurai's back from disturbing a railroad .
After the samurai's kill most of the soldiers ( the others have ran ) , Algren is left to fight them off .
Katsumoto , impressed fascinated with the American , spares his life takes him in as a prisoner .
Algren is housed with the family of the samurai that he killed in battle .
During the process , he detoxes , learns to appreciate life for what it is .
Did you I just gave the entire movie away ?
Well relax , I did n't .
So back to this whole thing with Tom .
What does his appearance have to do with The Last Samurai ?
I felt like the entire time I was watching this movie , that Tom was miscast had someone else been thrown into this role ( Edward Norton ?
Hugh Jackman ? ) ,
I have walked away liking it better .
It 's like he was aiming to be "technically " precise in everything that he did that in turn to stifle any of his emotional connections with other characters .
He had a screen presence that I have n't seen in a long time .
His charisma ( magnetic , charming , forceful , mysterious ) is what pushed me to recommend this movie I really wish that the entire story have focused around him Tom .
In fact , you have left Tom out of this it have been a better picture .
But of course , Tom is the box office pull SO you gotta take the good with the bad .
Now let 's move on to two of my ( normally ) favorite producers/writers/directors in the world - Edward Zwick Marshall Herskovitz .
I fell deeply in like with them when they were at the helm of Thirtysomething .
I felt cheated that there was a of emotional bonding between the characters .
I mean , there was some between Algren Katsumoto ( but nearly enough ) virtually nothing but superficial ties with the rest of the characters .
Although I 'm thrilled that they did n't have Tom doin' everybody , I felt a little cheated about his interactions with the opposite sex .
This movie was too long ( I had to pee ) very predictable in parts ( I rolled my eyes ) .
In addition , for a movie that did n't have enough emotional bonding , it relied a lot on melodrama to manipulate the audience .
See important death scenes for more details .
The editing together of the scenes was pretty good with the exception of the first 8-10 minutes .
The scenes introducing Tom 's character felt very disjointed .
The technical aspects of the movie - from the cinematography to the battle scenes - were amazing .
The choreography was over the top fantastic .
I was duly impressed .
The battle scenes more like art than war - almost to the point of glamorization .
Girls , you strongly dislike blood guts please know that while there is lots of blood shed , most of the scenes were horribly gross .
I only closed my eyes twice that I remember .
As far as the story goes , I ca n't vouch to any of the historical accuracies of it so you are one of those sticklers for factual accounts , you want to do your research before you go .
I a little strange giving this movie such low marks considering that it had a some of the best technical stuff I 've seen in a long time , a strong score , Ken Watanabe however , the studios want to pull in a wider audience than just battle buffs , they need to look beyond the technical perfections evaluate the emotional aspects of the film .
To recap :
*/SYM Movie was TOO long .
I had to pee but waited .
*/SYM Tom is too pretty for this kind of role .
*/SYM Ken Watanabe is a force to be reckoned with .
Plot Details : This opinion reveals minor details about the movie ' 's plot .
Of all the cartoon classics that made themselves a daily routine during those sweltering summer vacations in Jacksonville , The Cat In The Hat ranks as THE one that I watched the most .
machines think , that VCR have dealt me a few spankings of its own .
While I liked what they did , it just was n't the same .
But I hesitate to have too much faith in my own intolerably inane skills as a critic , because how do you know when exactly you 're crossing the line between saying that the movie blows saying that growing up blows ?
I 'll tell you this much -- I laughed .
I had a good time .
There were loads of one-liners , funny faces , pranks , even a few brushes with vulgarity ( of which compel me to deprive my own kids of the pleasure , had I any ) .
The atmosphere was right on target , even much happens outside the house itself .
There 's difference number one .
Foremost among them is the plot , in second place is a whole lot of character conflict .
But let 's start with the plot , shall we ?
In the original , it was all about trying to find that moss-covered three handled family gredunza .
The cat busted in the house all angry , the kids just looked at each other like " What ? " Remember that scary music that played ?
Here , it goes completely the other way .
The Cat out of nowhere the kids run away screaming .
Then , they just start having fun .
( Deja vu , anyone ? )
In the original , the fish was THE antagonist .
He was actually a frustrating character to watch , when he was finally converted via a little language lesson ( a gato in a sombrero , you say ? ) , it was such a great moment !
Here , he is just another victim of the haphazard shenanigans , worse yet , a reminder of how much better Finding Nemo was .
kidding .
Even more outlandish is his unsubstantiated obsession with disposing of the son by sending him off to military school .
Dylan was right , the times they are a changin' .
One of my favorite parts of the original was when they went on the big scavenger hunt for the moss-covered three handled family gredunza , they have to mark all the places where it is n't .
It is n't in this keyhole ( No? ) it is n't on my knee ( Hmm , mark the keyhole K-300 , mark the knee 57-G! ) Okay , it 's a little sad that I still remember that .
how about " Nobody Loves Me " ?
As this all were enough , the mystery surrounding the mother has been completely uncloaked .
She 's a legally blonde ... something , I do n't remember ( my bad ! ) she is hosting a party at her house that night .
it 's clean , she will be fired , because her boss has verminophobia .
How perfect is that ?
Why do we need an elaborate backstory to it ?
Thing 1 Thing 2 are only there because they have to be .
I it 's almost gotten to a point where " the more absurd , the better " .
There are traces of toilet humor , situational humor , irony , exaggeration , sarcasm all that jazz .
Chances are you 're going to laugh more than a few times .
But you groan as much .
As far as songs go , the Cat himself got to sing dance , he was quite the wire jumper .
But oftentime , it went by so fast that you barely tell what he was saying .
Acting ? Do n't ask .
This is the stuff of third-grade school plays .
But I 'll say this much -- Sean Hayes playing the Mom 's boss makes the wildest Jim Carrey look like a sane individual .
His character is utterly SMACKED out of his mind .
Sean 's "moment " near the beginning was one of my biggest laughs .
Do n't know the same will hold true for you folks , !
Bottom line , do n't be a rule breaker .
Above all else , Keep It Simple Stupid !
Oh , but how funny is it that I bring up KISS while talking about this movie !
Plot Details : This opinion reveals details about the movie ' 's plot .
As the parent of a 5 year old who had just returned from a one week vacation at Walt Disney World , the inescapable fact was that we WERE going to see this movie (unless it was X-rated due to full-frontal nudity , etc. ) we adults liked it .
After reading some of the critics reviews on the web , I had resigned myself that this be an evening of altruistic self-sacrifice for the benefit of my child .
The atmosphere of the movie was very similar to the Haunted Mansion ride at W.D.W. , yet the sets were even more elaborate .
Eddie Murphy has found a new niche in the role of the well-intentioned , somewhat misguided father , similar to that he portrayed in Daddy Day Care .
The rest of the cast was credible , with the most noteworthy performance from Terence Stamp as the creepy butler .
Despite rumors to the contrary , there actually was a decent plot .
The special effects were flawless sometimes subtle .
This is the usual in-your-face CGI tour-de-force Hollywood product .
It was a little scarier than I , but it was too scary for my 5 year old .
There was some mild swearing , but nothing that a kid does n't hear on T.V. these days .
Our whole family enjoyed it , we all want to see it again .
I that many of the unfavorable reviews this movie has received have come from those who have had inappropriate expectations have prejudged the type of movie they it to be .
One say that it suffers from typecasting .
I personally do n't want to take my five year old to a "real " Eddie Murphy comedy a "real " horror movie .
Poor Dr. Seuss .
I 'm sure he be angrier at his widow for giving studios the rights to his stories , to the studios for stabbing his widow in the back when she trusted them .
When THE GRINCH was made , it was a fun movie that have been pushed further .
But it was fun .
I understand that the widow has control over what is going on during the writing process .
In THE GRINCH she exercised a lot of , but enough , control .
you loved hated THE GRINCH , it 's the Sistine Chapel compared to this monstrosity .
We have a cliched story .
The little girl , Sally , is a control freak .
The babysitter comes to watch the children , she falls asleep.
Enter the Cat .
The movie , which starts out almost promisingly , loses its grip as soon as the Cat enters .
Funny , but I for sure it pick up there , anything .
All day , the cat insists on doing outlandish things with the children , such as making cupcakes out of , literally , everything , using the sleeping babysitter as a raft while going down a water slide .
A lame cliched subplot , about the mother 's boyfriend wanting to send Conrad to military school , also takes place .
The cat lands on a garden hoe exclaims " You dirty ho! Oh , just kidding .
When asked where he came from , the cat starts to explain " Well , when a mommy cat a daddy cat love each other very much .. . " The most appalling sexual joke is when the cat 's hat stiffens , like an erection , when he 's looking at a picture of the kids ' mother asks " Who is that ? "
Heck , the movie is one un-funny comedy sketch after another by Mike Meyers .
I the cat .
that 's the case , then why even make this movie ?
You wind up disliking , but hating , all the characters in the movie .
This movie is allegedly for kids , but I do it 's suitable for most kids under 10 .
I know that , even at 11 , I have been disturbed by the sexual jokes in it , had I understood them .
Plot Details : This opinion reveals minor details about the movie ' 's plot .
One of these days I 'm going to learn that ghost movies just do n't scare me like they used to , I stop wasting my time on them in the theatres .
The Ring creeped me out , but lost me towards the end .
Gothika was like a bad combination of several other movies , I have yet to place what ones they were .
Girl Interupted The Ring , as well as Do n't Say a Word are the first to pop into my mind , with slight residues of House on Haunted Hill maybe even a little bit of The Sixth Sense
Gothika is about Miranda Grey , a psychologist at a prison for women .
The movie starts with a session with Chloe ( Penelope Cruz ) , a woman who had been raped by her stepfather who had killed him .
She is obviously quite disturbed , she keeps referring to the devil as the one who rapes her .
The session ends with her being dragged out of the room , kicking screaming .
Dr. Grey obviously does n't her .
On her way home from work that evening , Dr. Grey is presented with a detour due to a sinkhole created by a rainstorm .
She swerves , barely misses her , goes into the ditch .
Dr. Grey gets out of her car , limping , confronts the girl , who is shaken scared looking .
The girl has scratches on her chest , Dr. Grey immediately starts consoling her , telling her she will help her - then the girl explodes into flame , which covers Dr. Grey as well ...
The next scene shows us a very disheveled Dr. Grey sitting bolt upright in bed , locked up in the prison where she works .
She has where she is what has happened to her .
She has memory of what happened , all she remembers is the girl .
This type of thing was really overdone .
I 'd much rather have a movie that messes with your mind rather than tests your reflexes .
There are a lot of creepy shots of the girl as a ghost , who to pop up randomly .
At times it like the ghost is just playing with her , spooking her at the most inopportune of times ( even though I am sure this was unintentional ) .
After a while , that starts to get old , after all , we have all seen this sort of thing before in other ghost movies .
I 'm sure where it started , but I want to know why almost all ghosts in recent films walk strange , in a disjointed weird way .
I do n't know I am giving anything away by saying this , but the whole "help the ghost find justice so they rest in peace leave me alone " thing is just getting old as well .
I almost groaned when this theme popped up in the movie ( though I have it ) .
What I do n't get is why ghosts in these situations completely terrorize the people they have chosen to help them .
But of course , who am I to argue about the way a ghost reasons ?
I do n't know I was just fed up with the blabbermouths behind me , I really did n't care how the movie ended .
Some parts worked , most did n't .
A lot of stuff was immediately obvious , the 'twists ' were n't all that surprising .
I did n't really notice the special effects : that means they were good enough that they did n't stand out - that 's a good thing .
I do n't like it when the special effects are obvious - they blend with the movie .
There was one scene that have been done a bit better , but overall the few times special effects needed to be used , they were done well .
Despite the negativity about the movie , I do that Halle Berry did a really good job of playing the part of Dr. Grey .
Robert Downey Jr 's character ( Pete Graham ) was a bit shallow , but I that have been intentional .
I am left with an empty feeling where the creepiness be after a good ghost story , so I 'm a bit disappointed .
This movie is rated R in the US , " for violence , brief language nudity" .
Plot Details : This opinion reveals minor details about the movie ' 's plot .
Let 's start at the beginning .
I adore Disney 's Haunted Mansion in the Orlando theme park .
It is for everybody .
It is funny/scary , as Disney caters to CHILDREN , all is as it be .
Things are themed to death , ghosts , the supernatural in a very fun creative climate .
The ride is absolutely very well done !
I see something new every time I take the ride I 've done it well over 12 times .
Okay - now let 's translate that into a movie !
What a fantastic !
The very first line " Welcome foolish mortals " made me just giggle .
You begin the film with a married couple with 2 kids ( pretty standard Disney stuff ) , the dad is too busy at work ( again , par for the course , but we have been doing this since at least " Mary Poppins , " you know ? ) .
So with one phone call , the family is drawn into " the house . "
I Eddie Murphy is less funny than he used to be , but he is one of only a handful of comedic black movie stars today .
You enter the house see the cobwebs on the grandiose front entryhall .
The monolithic ceilings , the candlelit hallways , the suits of armor , the gigantic fireplace ( be known as gates of Hell , it ) .
There are good ones bad ones , all the family take off in different directions with the mom being the most sought after by the house 's owner .
I 'm going to give away the plot .
Suffice it to say there is a trip to the cemetery with ghouls worse than in the new " Pirates of the Carribean " movie .
But they do n't last long .
The lady 's head in the crystal ball is there , she 's even green .
There 's a barber shop quartet of busts , even the hearse fits in there somehow .
The ending is where the bad guys get their due , it is , after all , a Disney comedy .
This movie is too scary for the youngest of children , but the plot confuse kids under 8 9 . PG is a good rating for a few mild oaths .
Generally , everyone keep in mind that Disney makes things for children ( there are always new ones coming along ! ! ! ) , they know that this is just a wonderful experience , compared to THE CAT IN THE HAT which is obscene from what I 've heard read .
It kept my attention , I am very Disney-fied .
It lasts 110 minutes , they are fabulous times .
Well acted , well conceived , great effects .
As an actor , Will Ferrell shows promise for hilarious movies , thus I am driven to see them .
From the previews alone , I have been dying waiting for elf to come out .
I found it to be hysterical , as well as touching .
My boyfriend does n't even like Christmas told me he had goosebumps for the last 20 minutes of the movie .
Is there a lesson to be learned ?
Christmas is about feel-good movies when do you better then when you are laughing
Often touted as America's Sweetheart , Julia Roberts has made some nice , lighthearted films like "Pretty Woman" , "Steel Magnolias" , "Notting Hill" , "My Best Friend's Wedding " and her Oscar-winning role in "Erin Brokovich" .
Since winning the Oscar for Best Actress , Roberts went on a detour to experiment more as an actress , notably with independent filmmaker Steven Soderbergh , who she worked on "Erin Brokovich " for films like "Ocean's Eleven" , "Full Frontal" , and George Clooney's directorial debut for "Confessions of a Dangerous Mind" .
Some wonder if Roberts ' experiment would be a detour from Hollywood but she decided to return to her leading lady status for the all-prep school drama "Mona Lisa Smile" .
"Mona Lisa Smile " is about a 1953 subversive art teacher from UCLA who goes to the east coast , All-women School of Wellesley College to teach a group of overachieving students to find alternatives to marriage .
Along the way , she has to endure the rigid , conservatism of the school , its students , and the fa챌ade society that is the 1950s .
Directed by Mike Newell and written by the team of Lawrence Konner and Mark Rosenthal , "Mona Lisa Smile " might seem like the female version of Peter Weir's 1989 masterpiece "Dead Poets Society" .
Apparently , it is n't nor should it even be compared to "Dead Poets Society" .
Hailed as one of the most anticipated films of 2003 , "Mona Lisa Smile " comes off as a bland , mediocre mesh of a film that leaves too many unanswered questions and contrived messages .
Not even the film's young cast of Kirsten Dunst , Ginnifer Goodwin , Julia Stiles , and Maggie Gyllenhaal along with Dominic West , John Slattery , and Marcia Gay Harden could save this disappointment called "Mona Lisa Smile" .
The film begins when former UCLA teacher Katherine Watson ( Julia Roberts ) who arrives at the station for Wellesley College , an all-women's school in Massachusetts where she's been hired to teach in the art department for its students .
Watson meets up with staff and lives in the house with fellow teacher , Nancy Abbey ( Marcia Gay Harden ) who has an affixation with TV show " I Love Lucy" .
On Watson's first day , she meets up with her class to show them slides of paintings and every student identify the painting as such like robots and Watson finds herself being challenged .
She talks to Nancy and school nurse Amanda Armstrong ( Juliet Stevenson ) about the first day saying it was fine .
Fellow classmates Constance Baker ( Ginnifer Goodwin ) and Giselle Levy ( Maggie Gyllenhaal ) however find something different about as Giselle considered it aggressive and erotic .
Betty is n't fond of Watson's subversive tactics although the rest of her classmates including valedictorian Joan Brandwyn ( Julia Stiles ) find them refreshing .
Giselle however , thinks Watson is great as she plays around a lot carrying a diaphragm around her that she got from the school nurse .
Betty , being the snitch , writes about Armstrong giving out contraceptives that forced to be fired by the school's rigid , conservative president Jocelyn Carr ( Marian Seldes ) .
Katherine finds herself in a dangerous position wondering if she should continue to challenge the system while finding a bit of sympathy from the school's Italian professor Bill Dunbar ( Dominic West ) .
When Katherine was grading papers , she meets up with Joan who questioned her grade as Katherine just wants her to state her own opinion and not someone else's .
Katherine asks what Joan plans to do , after marriage since she's already signed up for pre-law .
Katherine suggests she should go to Yale .
Joan and her boyfriend Tommy Donegal ( Topher Grace ) would visit Betty and Spencer on one occasion as she tells Betty that she's thinking of going to Yale Law School to Betty's utter disgust .
Not to appreciate but look beneath the paintings , notably Jackson Pollock .
Constance finds herself more at comfort whenever Betty is n't around , especially when pursuing aspiring writer Charlie Stewart ( Ebon Moss-Bacharach ) .
When Betty returns from her honeymoon , she tries to make horrible comments towards Watson's abrasive tactics but Watson refuses .
During the holidays , Katherine receives a visit from her boyfriend Paul Moore ( John Slattery ) who tries to propose to her but she finds herself uncomfortable , especially in the presence of Dunbar and Giselle .
Joan meanwhile , is questioning on what she wants since she loves Tommy but also wants to be a lawyer .
Katherine breaks up with Paul and finds herself more becoming closer to Dunbar .
Dunbar's newfound relationship with Watson leaves Giselle to be a bit more desperate as she tries to find a new affair .
After a party where Katherine revealed that she was once engaged but never made it to the altar , Betty goes into another rant over Katherine's life and finds herself alienated by the rest of the student .
Betty becomes a thorn to some students , notably the insecure Constance as she tells her that Charlie had been going out with someone , which turned out not to be true as Betty finds her marriage crumbling .
The political aspect of the school grows tense when the board question what Katherine has been doing .
What makes "Mona Lisa Smile " such a disappointing film in many levels is rooted in its script .
The script leaves too many plot holes about why is Katherine being subversive , what emotional reasons is Giselle having for these affairs , why the school is trying to be protective of new things , and why is this script such a mess ?
Then again , this is what should be expected from the likes of Lawrence Konner and Mark Rosenthal since they wrote such awful films like the "Planet of the Apes " and "Mighty Joe Young " remakes .
They leave too many characters with unanswered questions , rigid stereotypes ( in the male roles ) , generic film clich챕s including a very bland ending that leaves you with a sour taste in your mouth , and contrived messages that might upset the hardcore feminists .
Director Mike Newell , known for his great work in "Enchanted April " and "Donnie Brasco" does a somewhat , mediocre job although he can capture great dramatic moments , he does n't give anyone the idea on what type of film this should be .
Should this be a drama , a comedy , a thinking film , what ?
Newell still should be given credit for trying to make things interesting since the pacing of the film is attentive but it 's given a weak script with no sense of a singular direction to begin with .
What was the point of this film ?
I know women were the core audience of this film , particularly young college women .
I don't have a problem with .
I just don't like it presented in this bland , contrived form .
Since the film was a period piece of sorts , you have to have that authentic look and back-in-time feel .
Another noted factor but in a very poor way was the score by Rachel Portman .
Even in the tense , dramatic moments , it does n't feel suspenseful nor in the lighter moments , it comes out as fluff .
Julia Roberts without a doubt , is a good actress depending on what film she does .
Unfortunately in period pieces like "Mary Reilly " and "Michael Collins" , she has never fared well and in "Mona Lisa Smile" , she does n't really bring anything that we have n't seen before .
Sure , her smile will make you go to the theaters but does it help the film .
No.
West's character , like most of the male characters , is written in a very stereotypical way .
The rest of the male performances from Topher Grace and Jordan Bridges are also clich챕d although Grace does bring in some charm into his performance while Bridges just stands there and look good next to Kirsten Dunst .
John Slattery's role as Robert's boyfriend was so underused and was left very early after she dumps him and he seemed like a good guy and it was a waste for Slattery .
While the smaller performances of Juliet Stevenson , Marian Seldes , and Donna Mitchell as Dunst's mother were used to a good degree despite their clich챕s while Mitchell's character as this mean , controlling mother was a little too much .
Kirsten Dunst's performance as the b*tchy Betty Warren at times is convincing since you don't like her but you don't really sympathize with her character very much at all and she comes out very shrilly .
Even when she strays from her mother and conservative views , her development is way too fast and it ends up becoming a very mediocre performance .
Julia Stiles ' performance I found to be the most confusing because half the time , she's speaking in an English , New English , or a straightforward American accent .
It was very messy and her character was just totally generic , I did n't really care for her .
The film's best performance for me goes to Ginnifer Goodwin as Constance since she was someone to sympathize with since she is n't the prettiest of the whole group but Goodwin plays her performance with a lot of heart .
Although I enjoyed her character in the film since she kind of played the big-sister role for other characters as well as being flirtatious , I felt the character was underwritten .
In the film's site , they say she is fragile and all of this junk yet I never found out why she sleeps with these men or anything .
Marcia Gay Harden is the film's most hilarious performance since she tries to teach the women how to please your husbands while having some sadness that she tries to hide through her humor .
Overall , "Mona Lisa Smile " is just a huge disappointing effort from Mike Newell despite some noteworthy performances from Marcia Gay Harden , Maggie Gyllenhaal , and Ginnifer Goodwin .
Fans of Gyllenhaal should best stay away from this film although she does a good performance .
you 've seen both the full ten hours of 혩Shogun' , the version where the mini-series is reduced to approximately the length of a feature film , you 've got some of what's going in 혩The Last Samurai' , you know that somehow the whole point is lost in the trimming .
You similarly imagine the version of 혩Dances with Wolves ' that has an hour so cut out of it .
Imagine a book whose main purpose is to explore a culture ( to some degree other ) by way of having an outsider suddenly thrust into it .
Now imagine that of actually having a book like 혩Shogun' , with all its details about the culture relayed through the story the character , you only have the Cliff's Notes of the book which just says , "and he explores comes to know the Japanese culture , the ways , ideas , ideals of the Samurai . "
It's left to you then to be able to get something out of that line .
Even all this does n't get you to the point that you really connect with where 혩The Last Samurai' is going , because though 혩Dances ' 혩Shogun' weren't true stories , there was a decent 혩truth ' in them .
혩The Last Samurai' is one step removed here , because it is n't a fictional story in that sense .
We're across the line into something like alternate-reality sci-fi , but we're approaching it .
The result is still a trip into the world of Samurai , but it 's a trip that says , "you've already seen 혩Shogun' , so we don't need to go into all that again , we're going down this other road anyway . "
All that said , there are only two things keeping this movie from being only five stars , but also an instant classic ; it 's ending ( I mean the entire last thirty minutes ) , its absolute of daring .
You have a good guess at the story based on the comparisons I've made , you can't be far off .
Pressured to lead his new troops before they're ready , he is captured by Katsumoto in the eventual miserable rout his 혩army ' suffers .
He spends a long winter with Katsumoto his family in a small village , because Katsumoto wants to 혩know his enemy' .
Once we get beyond how Algren finds his way into the Samurai world , 혩Shogun' takes over , complete with a Japanese woman he grow to love , surprise night attack by Ninja .
From here we mix equal parts 혩Dances ' 혩Shogun' , choosing those elements that best serve the scenario we've created , we have our plot .
These three movies have another connection , because Kevin Costner , Richard Chamberlain , Tom Cruise ever did anything right , it was their respective roles in these movies .
That's to say he's perfect .
Ken Watanabe , on the other hand , is wonderful .
There are a few brilliantly crafted scenes in which Katsumoto is in the background , off-center , exactly doing anything .
He is still the absolute center of the scene , your attention .
That's the sort of situation where a comparison spring to mind unbidden wreak unfair havoc with your impression of an actor's performance .
so here .
While Watanabe is n't quite going to stand up to a real comparison to Mifune , he's strong enough to at least make such a comparison a respectable question .
Mentioning Costner , oddly enough , leads me to the cinematography by Oscar-winner John Toll .
That's because 혩Samurai' reminded me so much of James Muro's first effort earlier this year , 혩Open Range' .
From a cinematography stand-point , they're practically the same movie .
They're beautiful , but it 's a very easy sort of beauty .
Panoramic views of rolling plains hills , sunrises with a hint of cloud cover , sweeping shots of virgin forest , are exactly on the cover of " What's New Exciting in Beautiful Pictures Monthly" .
It's gorgeous , sure , but it 's exactly doing anything .
The difference is that when you're making a fairly simple cowboy film whose greatest asset is the fact that it does n't take itself too seriously , that 's just the sort of thing that works .
But , when you're making a semi-massive epic that puts itself out as having some definite goals , definitely takes itself very seriously , well ... , then it 's just a giant-name cinematographer cashing his check going home early .
All of this gives an impression which makes my rating confusing .
I blame that on expectations , a slightly unusual version of them .
The mediocre hopes I had for this film built to high hopes as the movie actually progressed before my eyes .
At about the halfway mark I was very hopeful indeed .
I mentioned that there were two things keeping this from being a five-star movie , this is where those come into play .
The other thing keeping the movie from being five-star status is its deplorable ending .
An ending that is so typically Hollywood that it does its best to negate all that comes before it .
Still , I'm giving a very impression of everything to do with this movie that I give four stars ( out of five ) .
It does n't really deserve many nominations , much less the wins it 's somewhat to receive .
Nevertheless , it 's still above-average in my opinion , though it has a lot going against it , it has a lot going for it as well .
Cruise is n't great , but I have to admit that he is n't bad , Watanabe alone made it worth it to me .
I have said that it 's an 혩easy ' sort of beautiful , but that does n't negate the fact that it is actually beautiful .
It even has a pretty good story .
The end result is that I it 's worth your money at the theater .
It's greatly disappointing in ways , but it 's the kind of disappointment that only come from having such great .
I've always been easy on movies that try to do something excellent , I'm of a mind to change that now .
Whatever the case be there , let's just say that something excellent almost happened .
At the end of the movie , Captain Algren has a final conversation with the Emperor of Japan that curiously relays my ultimate feelings on the movie .
The Emperor asks Algren to do something , Algren responds by telling him to do something else .
The conversation fits my feelings about the movie , because I this was going to be a movie about Algren's response , but it turns out it was only about the Emperor's initial quesiton .
The plot is the book's .
I know that movies are not supposed to be fully like the book but when practically every child ( as well as adult ) in America has read the Dr. Seuss books , this is unforgivable .
The good stuff;.the
visual production itself with its ultra-stylized appearance .
It looks nice , but did the budget of a third world nation need to be spent to create this film ?
The plot has added a bunch of new things to it;and who cares .
This is a short book which have remained a cartoon classic on tv.
With the holidays upon us the mass merchandising , the movie is sure to be a hit;too bad as there are some other films that deserve to be seen .
Parents have two choices : lie and say the theatre went out of business .
give in to the children put up with their disappointment .
Somehow I this movie will be better on video as seeing it on the smaller screen make it to be less over produced .
OK , I 'm going to lie to you here .
I was pretty disappointed with movie in general after watching Bad Boys II on Wednesday night .
It was the kind of movie that makes you rethink you ever want to see another movie .
I quickly ran out to the local theater to catch The Last Samurai , lest I allow Michael Bay to achieve his ultimate goal of driving movie lovers back to their TV sets ( I 've determined that has to be the explanation for the Bruckheimer/Bay relationship...the less people go to the movies , the more that be at home tuning into CSI Cold Case ) .
I 'd heard the hype , I 'm opposed to Tim Cruise in general ( even I did waste seven dollars seeing Vanilla Sky in theaters ) , I went under the impression that after the travesty I 'd just seen in Bad Boys II , anything out there be look like Citizen Kane in comparison .
What I saw was an actual contender for best movie of 2003 honors .
The Last Samurai is a "historical " epic set in the 1870 's , as Japan started to move towards joining the ways of the modern ( Western ) world .
Algren , a soldier who 's personal demons has driven him to hard times , is brought in to train the Japanese military in the ways of modern warfare .
Unforturately for Algren , the Japanese leaders disregard his concerns of their readiness , send their unprepared forces into battle .
Wounded in the hands of the enemy , Algren is surprised by the relative kindness he is shown .
Slowly but surely , he begins to know love the ways of the Samurai , eventually turning his back on his former ways comrades .
revealing any more about the movie , I 'll just note that I was mildly dissatisfied with the Hollywood ending to the movie .
I felt the story have gone in a better direction ( is that vague enough for you ? ) .
As a matter of fact , I 'd go so far as to say it 's the best movie that I have seen so far this year ( mind you , the top two critically acclaimed films of the year , Cold Mountain Lord of the Rings : Return of the King , have yet to be released ) .
Now people who have read my reviews before will know that just last week , I was heaping praise upon Master Commander .
Here 's why The Last Samurai is a better picture : Master Commander is a good movie carried by a great performance by Russell Crowe ; Last Samurai is a great film complimented by a great performance by Tom Cruise .
Speaking of Cruise , when he decide to suck ?
This is his most challenging role of his career , he proved that he was more up to the task .
We watch him transform from a drunkard haunted by his past to a warrior who has found peace redemption for the life he has led .
Now while I 'm read to throw the guy an Oscar nomination right now , it just be due to the fact that I 've come to far less out of him .
Regardless , I would n't be far off I said this is one of the his greatest performances .
The rest of the cast is phenomenal , but greater than Ken Watanabe .
Watanabe plays Katsumoto , the leader of the remaining Samurai who captures later befriends Captain Algren .
Throw in a slew of other top performances , you have quite a nice little pic .
What really made this movie for me , though , was its pace flow .
On a scale of one to five , Last Samurai is a seven .
This movie gets two thumbs way up from me , be in the serious running for an Oscar nomination ( with LOTR:ROTK the clear favorite to win every major award in the world this year , I a nom is the best that be hoped for ) .
I give this movie the highest recommendation , lock Last Samurai in as a guaranteed top three movie of the year .
Go see this movie .
Synopsis : Sally and Conrad learn to set limits on their misadventure , with a little help from Dr Seuss ' ( Theodor S. Geisel ) Cat in the Hat ( 1957 ) .
Analysis : There may not be many things that I 'm sure of , but I do know a few for absolute certain .
In fact , referring to them as children 's literature is a misnomer .
I 've vowed never to live through a holiday season when I do n't watch the animated How the Grinch Stole Christmas !
I 've even prepared green eggs and ham on a date (you could say that I ate them with a fox ) .
If he were still alive today , I might even have stalkerish tendencies .
I 'll begin with the only element of Cat in the Hat that I found acceptable -- the Seussian visuals .
Flip through any Seuss book and you 'll find some of the most colorful , creative and inspiring illustrations that exist .
Seuss never saw any reason not to redraw that which already exists , and neither did Bo Grinch .
Through a nice combination of animation and set-design , Seussian architecture lives on .
This creative re-engineering draws the viewer ( or reader ) into a parallel universe where age-old lessons can be taught or re-taught without the obstructions created in the minds of this one .
Drawing things as they 've never been drawn has also helped to maintain the timeless nature of Seuss ' work , and avoids the pitfalls of stereotypes and geographic isolation .
But this is where the film turns from Seussian into a a blueprint for disaster .
The illustration is just one element in the greater scheme .
To think of Dr. Seuss ' work as mere pictures , rhymes and morals is to insult his legacy .
Dr. Seuss was a creative visionary who never set any limits on imagination , and this is where Cat in the Hat fails to live-up to expectations .
Bo Grinch has obviously lived inside a box for his entire life .
He compromises on everything that made Dr. Seuss great in order to make a few ( billion ) bucks , and squanders every opportunity to build on greatness .
The liberties taken with the story mortalize a once timeless tale .
The most difficult hurdle to overcome was turning a story that is slightly longer than this review into a 1 hour and 15 minute feature length film .
This leads to Bo Grinch 's biggest mistake , allowing Mike Myers to run willy-nilly through the minds and hearts of the audience in the guise of the Cat in the Hat .
I kept wondering when he was going to be verklempt , and half expected his coos of " Wowwoo! " to be followed by " Wayne 's World !
Party Time ! Excellent ! "
Indeed , Mike Myers recycled his entire CV of SNL characters to create a Cat in the Hat that is unworthy of his name .
I 've long admired Mike Myers , and appreciate much of his work .
This simply was n't the venue for him to enlist his own brand of creative devices .
Sean Hayes shines through the rest of cast , but only in one of his roles .
I found him entirely unconvincing as Mr. Humberfloob , the mother 's slave-driving germaphobe of a boss .
As the fish , he 's wonderful .
For a character whose sole purpose is to antagonize the Cat in the Hat , he is surprisingly tolerable .
I think Alec Baldwin ( Quinn ) and Kelly Preston ( Mom ) do an adequate job , but I feel that their romantic relationship and the undercurrents of jealousy that come with it are entirely inappropriate for the story .
Spencer Breslin ( Conrad ) and Dakota Fanning ( Sally ) are just children themselves , and ca n't be held responsible for the awkwardness that is brought about by Bo Grinch and his grinchy ways .
( Yes , I realize that I 'm the same person who 's always saying there is n't enough nudity , but even I ascribe to some sense of good taste ) The references to a dirty hoe and a Playboy centerfold were entirely unnecessary .
Adults have never found this necessary to enjoy Seuss ' books ; and spoiling the pristine , although sometimes misunderstood , image of the Cat in the Hat is a low blow -- even for Mike Myers .
Final Comments : I 've droned on for far too long about a film that can be summed up in one ( of many ) four letter words ( s ) , Suck .
Cat in the Hat is an abomination , which should be watched at the peril of your childhood .
I never got to see the Things bump the kites on the wall !
And we did not like it .
Not one little bit .
I realize that I love to rant and rave , but here are a few well-respected concurring opinions : anderclayton , kristinafh , flamepillar .
Ok , not everyone agrees with me : dragonfire88 , Bruguru .
Plot Details : This opinion reveals major details about the movie ' 's plot .
I wish I had n't seen this movie .
I wish that Roger Ebert had n't given it 3 out of 4 stars said , this is one of those rare Christmas comedies that has a heart , a brain a wicked sense of humor , it charms the socks right off the mantelpiece .
Did Roger I see the same movie ?
I went in thinking gee , this is gonna be a neat movie .
In truth , it was one of the worst ones I 've seen this year .
sigh
Maybe my expectations were too high ?
The Story
Christmas Eve , after some nun puts him to bed , Santa Claus ( Ed Asner ) drops in to deliver gifts .
Papa Elf does his best to raise little Buddy .
The thing is , little Buddy is n't so little .
Since he was a young boy , he 's always towered over all of the other elves .
His father Walter ( James Caan ) ( who does n't know about Buddy ) lives in a magical place ( New York ) his mother Susan ( Jane Bradbury ) died shortly after he was born .
Buddy decides to move to the magical city reunite with his father .
Walter , who is on the naughty list , is a ruthless publisher by day an inattentive father to Michael ( Daniel Tay ) husband to Emily ( Mary Steenburgen ) by night .
Buddy does n't get the joyous reunion that he was expecting .
For days , his father does n't that he 's his long , lost son .
Walter , wanting to put this nonsense behind him , gets blood drawn from the both of them .
His insistence on continuing his childish , elf behavior , rides on Walter 's nerves .
he accept his grown son ?
Especially in his current altered elf state ?
In other news , Buddy finds his way to Gimballs department store where he fits right in with the other help dressed as Christmas personnel .
That 's where he meets THE girl - Jovie ( Zooey Deschanel ) .
He 's immediately smitten with her but because she has a hot body .
Does Buddy gain the acceptance he 's been craving from both his father Jovie ?
me , you wo n't care .
The Scoop
Where to begin ?
I used to have great love for Mr. Jon Favreau .
After all , he is just a week younger than me a fellow Libra .
I adored him in Swingers .
Of course in both of those circumstances , he was the actor the director .
So what did he do wrong ?
Let the list begin .
It 's magic !
In the case of Elf , it 's a mess .
The only way Jon have rescued it was to ensure that he had a capable set of actors along with a sentimental heart-beat running throughout , in order to keep the audience 's attention .
Second , the only time he to elicit a laugh from the audience was when he resorted to using material that 8/9 year old boys laugh at .
Eating gross things .
, he have had Will act something other than a one-note whiner of an elf ?
I do n't that I 'll ever be able to watch SNL again for fear of a headache .
So let 's talk about Will Farrell .
The way he played the character of Buddy was n't what I was expecting .
of the wide-eye innocence that you get with other so clued in movie characters ( Tom Hanks in Big ) , what you get here is a one-track , annoying irritating male .
I kept on thinking - Jon Faverau ca n't direct you , do something for yourself dude !
But he did n't .
Looks like Jack Black won the cross-over award for the year .
Mary Steenburgen , Bob Newhart , Ed Asner , the rest of the actors were fine enough .
It 's like there was any Oscar-stretching material that they were having to deal with .
They were merely background scenery to the Will Farrell show .
to top it all off , there was memorable soundtrack .
Christmas music is so easy it 's plentiful !
I know that as the credits rolled , I saw songs by Ella Fitzgerald Lena Horne but hey - I have totally zoned those out .
Here 's the bottom line .
The movie had heart .
There was nothing present that made me care for the story for any of the characters .
heart=the inability for me to overlook the mistakes made by Jon Favreau 's poor directing .
Elf is rated PG for some mild rude humor language .
Your 6-9 year old will laugh more than you .
How pathetic is that ? !
From Saturday night live to Old School now to a even better funnier movie ...ELF.
Will Farrel plays the role of Buddy which is an unusual elf .
This movie is a very good family movie just because it 's about Christmas but because it has a good message to it .
The message that some people have forgotten the true meaning of Christmas have given up on Santa .
Well this is a movie that you want to see to bring back that Christmas cheer .
I have seen this movie twice now stop laughing at Buddy 's( Will Farrel ) actions to the city .
I really enjoy how Will make a movie using adult humor .
Come join Buddy on his quest to find his father .
Plot Details : This opinion reveals major details about the movie 's plot .
So relieved Bad Santa had a happy compromising ending .
What with the main character , Willie Stokes ( Billy Bob Thornton ) being a cussing , boozing , womanizing , thieving , insulting "Santa" it be a let down it did n't have a happy ending .
That's Willie his elf partner in crime , Marcus ( Tony Cox ) , a 3 foot Black dwarf .
Marcus tries to keep Willie in line just long enough to pull off the big score .
After that he's done with Willie does n't want to see him again until the next Holiday season when they start up posing as Santa his elf .
Willie is the worst Santa .
He insults the kids ( " Whadya want " "Okay , get outta here " ) arrives at work drunk .
When they venture to Arizona with their act , Store Manager John Ritter thinks he's got a salary break : two for one .
When he figures out what they're doing , robbing the store , he wants a cut of the loot .
Thankfully , there is a charming kid , Thuman Merman ( portly cherubic Brett Kelly ) who believes in Willie adopts him as a surrogate dad .
( I won't reveal where the real dad is ) matter how awfully Willie talks to the kid , he so desperately wants a male figure he accepts Willie for what he is .
There's an attractive barmaid ( Lauren Graham ) who has a fetish for Santas has fun as Willie's sex mate .
these characters weren't so unbelievably funny they be implausible .
Everything that 's politically incorrect ( alcohol binging , swearing , loud-mouth insults ) is there .
Leave your purity religiosity at home .
Billy Bob Thornton is such a versatile actor .
He played character-driven supporting roles now he's lead in a black comedy .
He Tony Cox demonstrate perfect comic timing as crime buddies .
Brett Kelly plays the kid with such sympathy earnestness you want to throw him a teddy bear for comfort .
You will laugh when you don't want to laugh embarrassed for doing so .
Plot Details : This opinion reveals major details about the movie ' 's plot .
This was definitely "one to miss " the first time I saw the trailer .
But you know what they say about curiosity the cat .
Mona Lisa Smile is what I guess you call a " f*ck tradition " kind of movie .
Katherine Watson ( Julia Roberts ) gets a job as an art history teacher at Wellesley College .
But her students turn out to be a bit smarter than she was anticipating .
So she changes her approach , the class has a wonderful discussion about what art is ( or what it is n't ) and who is qualified to define it .
Then Amanda Armstrong ( greatly played by an underused Juliet Stevenson ) , one of the school faculty , gets caught distributing contraceptives she is fired .
Just goes to show ya , you do n't mess with the rules .
Strangely enough , though , it is commonplace at that very same school for teachers to turn their heads when the girls miss classes because they got married .
Ms. Watson is content with questions , the girls have nothing but answers .
Ms. Watson wants to teach these girls to be " tomorrow 's leaders , their housewives " .
But her students , four of whom we focus on in particular , have their own stories .
Joan get accepted to Yale , but she 's sure she wants to put off the "home life " where tradition have her be .
Betty gets married right away , starts to miss classes , but things only get worse at home too .
Giselle lives with a torrid past .
Constance is just trying to make friends .
Julia Stiles ( Joan ) is easy on the eyes , even she does act 10 years older than she is .
Her accent was too shabby .
She 's terrific , but terrible .
I she just be having a little too much fun playing miserable roles ( falling on the ice comes to mind ) when in real life , she is anything but .
But enough about that .
Ginnifer Goodwin ( Constance ) was just a cute girl playing a cute sideplot .
You do n't want to see her upset , 'cause then you get upset yourself .
She actually did a decent job b!tchin' it up here .
I kinda liked her hair too .
Speaking of hair , who knew Maggie Gyllenhaal ( Giselle ) had so much of it ?
I that stuff was gonna avalanche right out into the auditorium .
As always , Maggie is excellent .
Watch out for her in the coming years ; she 'll be dangerous .
I 'm sure what exactly Mona Lisa Smile sets out to say , that maybe nothing is as it .
I the old traditions were society 's way of "protecting " women .
Julia Stiles does get a great speech in toward the end in which she basically plays the kettle calling the pot black in return .
It 's better to blindly shun tradition than it is to blindly follow it .
Something like that .
So I was n't really sure which side I was on by the end !
On the other hand , I 'm sure what exactly I AM thinking .
== = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =
This review has been brought to you by the Lean N Mean 2 write-off organized by sleeper54 .
The objective is simple , just write a review that 's 666 words less .
But since the deadline is tomorrow ( Dec.
21 ) I 'm sure why I 'm talkin' like a recuiter over here .
you use "bad " to mean "good" , then Bad Santa is very bad , indeed .
Billy Bob Thorton plays Willy Stokes , a drunkard/safecracker , who with the help of his dwarf-friend Marcus ( Tony Cox ) robs shopping malls after posing as Santa during the holiday season .
John Ritter plays a department store manager , who in an attempt to cut-costs , fires the store 's regular Santa hires the cheaper Billy-bob .
Billy-bob is so unredeemable disgusting that you ca n't help , but laugh when brat after brat climbs aboard his tipsy lap lists their demands .
Billy-Bob whines scowls his way through each day , store manager , John Ritter , partner in crime , Tony Cox become more more agitated by Billy Bob 's behavior .
( Brett 's performance is perfect ; he at once is repulsive yet , somehow sympathetic . )
The movie , however , begins to take a dark turn with about thirty minutes left .
The mall 's security officer finds out about the previous mall robberies by Marcus Willy , blackmails the pair .
The film manages to revive itself a little with a letter that Billy-Bob sends the fat kid from prison the movie ends , happily .
I really enjoyed most of this film .
The focus group ending bothered me ; it felt a little bit like the writer did n't know how to end it .
I was n't a huge fan of the dark turn it took , but I did n't it hurt the film as much as the happy ending .
The performances were all really fantastic ( all the supporting cast did wonderful jobs ) .
I highly recommend this to anyone who thinks what the malls have done to Christmas is a crime .
I am a bit familiar with the works of Dr. Seuss .
Their mother , realtor Joan Walden ( Kelly Preston ) has to report for work for her obsessive-compulsive boss , Hank Humberfloob ( Sean Hayes ) , even though she has to host a work-related party at her house that night .
Meanwhile , Joan 's boyfriend , Lawrence Quinn ( Alec Baldwin ) , encourages Joan to send Conrad , who 's the unruly child , to military school .
her children are unruly , the party in any other way , Hank promises Joan that she will lose her job .
Joan calls on Mrs. Kwan ( Amy Hill ) to babysit her kids , she promptly falls asleep.
The Cat then proceeds to turn the house into a mess , with a little help from Thing 1 Thing 2. The presence of The Cat throws the family fish (voiced by Hayes ) into a state of hysteria .
The mess catches Lawrence 's attention , he heads to Joan 's workplace to snitch on Sally Conrad .
When The Cat unleashes the Things from their crate , the family dog gets a hold of the lock .
They have to retrieve the lock before the residence becomes a total wreck .
The Things create a diversion for Joan , while The Cat the kids try to return everything to normal .
" The Cat In The Hat " is mean-spirited toward the kids , is even more mean-spirited toward the adults .
The Walden children are surrounded by people who should never be their role models .
He comes to the home as the spirit of fun , but as the spirit of a stand-up comic .
The voice he adopts most often , though , sounds like Myers 's Linda Richman character from " Saturday Night Live . "
In fact , The Cat often uses skits to entertain , such as using an infomercial to get Sally Conrad to get a device guaranteed to create a mess .
He even needs a gadget to see what sort of fun is needed .
The Cat know this instinctively .
The low point , though , comes when Sally , Conrad , The Cat are on a slide , Myers turns toward the camera makes a shameless plug for the Universal Studios theme park .
This feline does n't show Sally Conrad how to have fun ; he shows them how to be consumers .
" The Cat In The Hat " marks the feature film debut of Bo Welch , best known in Hollywood as a production designer .
The community in the film looks like a live variation of Seuss 's vision , but that 's about all that 's faithful to his work .
This film has direction ; it 's just a series of skits that just barely run long enough to constitute a feature-length film .
There 's exactly one funny moment in this poor excuse for a movie .
When The Cat first enters , he finds a coat hanger , puts Mrs. Kwan on it , throws her in the closet .
" The Cat In The Hat " otherwise does have any true sense of playfulness .
The only ones who are playful at all are Fanning Breslin .
Unfortunately , they 're the only ones who to understand what they 're to be doing .
I get the feeling that somebody had let these children direct the movie , they have done better than Welch .
I said this when the live-action " How The Grinch Stole Christmas " was released , I 'll say it again here .
Do n't introduce children to the work of Dr. Seuss with the live-action " The Cat In The Hat . " Read the books to them , let them read the books to you .
Catch up to the animated features Seuss Chuck Jones helped to create .
Mike Myers claim he played The Cat In The Hat , but in reality , all he is is a pale imitation of a beloved children 's character .
Plot Details : This opinion reveals major details about the movie ' 's plot .
The juxtaposition of the words 혩British' 혩comedy ' is enough to strike fear into the hearts of even the hardiest cinema-goer .
The film is based on the real-life events from a Yorkshire village a few years ago , although the Director was keen on maintaining that the individual characters in the film are themselves based on the real-life women .
혩Calendar Girls ' centres on the Knapeley Women's Institute , a clan of Yorkshire women who meet every week to sing receive talks on thrilling matters such as carpets broccoli .
Annie ( Julie Walters ) Chris ( Helen Mirren ) are long-standing friends who faithfully turn-up , despite the soporific subject matter .
When Annie's husband dies from leukaemia , the effervescent Chris comes up with the of the WI raising money for a new sofa in the hospital in John's memory .
Thanks to some creative inspiration from her son's soft-porn magazine big-breasted dolly-bird on the wall of the local bicycle repair shop , she comes up with the of a nude calendar .
However , of them imagine the impact that the calendar have over the coming weeks , as it transcends them to superstar status way beyond their village .
However , as Hollywood beckons , relationships begin to suffer ;
However , it 's the film's ability to maintain the earthy northern wit its subtle comedy which really makes it into a winner .
The northerness nudity inevitably leads it to be compared to 혩The Full Monty' , but its quirks differentiate it from its predecessor there does to be an intention to mimic .
Mirren Walters , surely two of the most talented British actresses of their generation , give great performances bounce off each other beautifully , easily switching from comedy to drama when required being hammy trying too hard .
It is particularly interesting that Mirren , best known for her ice-maiden Jane Tennison in 혩Prime Suspect' is the bubblier , more outgoing of the pair whilst Walters , Mrs Overall in 혩Acorn Antiques ' is more reserved .
John ( played perfectly by Alderton ) is always optimistic upbeat during his illness , the scenes with Anne are warm touching rather than melancholy melodramatic .
This is a refreshing change from the usual screen morbid portrayals of terminal illness on the big screen .
The rest of the WI is also fabulously portrayed thanks to some great performances from the cast .
Complementing each other rather than any one person trying to dominate the screen , the marvellous cast match the playful script .
However , as you'd imagine , it manages to resolve itself before too long does n't detract from the overall feel-good factor .
A good old-fashioned straightforward plot with the emphasis on script characters rather than having a deep philosophical meaning , it is fantastically watchable jam-packed with witty one-liners appeal to a wide ranging audience .
Plot Details : This opinion reveals details about the movie ' 's plot .
I drag my friends to see Gothika , why ?
Because I am a person who loves horror films--all types the previews looked enticing enough .
The videography of the film was great .
The music added such intensity , it was similar to what made Friday the 13th films memorable .
Another thing that was great was the acting .
Well , I am usually disappointed with Halle 's acting , she is extremely good .
But I was quite shock to see her play such a role that was different that her usual roles .
It was great !
She fell so many times during the movie that I know realize how she broke her arm on the set .
I like to see more character establishment .
Plus , the role that Downey Jr. played was a little unclear--was he an obstacle ?
These questions were really answered .
The of the film is new .
While I Tom Cruise is one of the best mega-star actors Hollywood has to offer , I was concerned that The Last Samurai do for him what Braveheart did for Mel Gibson Gladiator did for Russell Crowe : swell their egos past their abilities .
The movie is respectful enough of its subject matter to put all the glory around its central character that is what helps this movie to shine .
The Last Samurai tells the story of Capt .
Nathan Algren ( Cruise ) , a courageous American soldier who is plagued by the guilt of a slaughter of innocent Indians ordered by his commanding officer .
Using what's left of his fame to sell Winchester rifles , Algren spends his days in solitude drowning in a bottle .
But it is only after his band of hastily trained soldiers is attacked Algren is captured by the rebels that he learns of their true fight : to preserve their way of life that is being threatened by western civilization .
Through contact with these "enemies " he is able to learn of honor , value love .
Cruise is a fine lead actor , stealing the spotlight , but always commanding enough presence for us to the film .
while I was n't always buying him as a genuine Samurai , he throws himself into the role with such determination that he deserves to be commended for his efforts , despite the fact that he is a Hollywood megastar ( which is hard to see past , regardless of how good the performance is . )
He is a fierce , honorable warrior , but also a loving leader who seeks to understand that which is outside his culture .
Of the film's villains , I can't be so praiseworthy .
While they do work fine in the framework of the story , they are the same static antagonists we see in every film like this , where their lust for "progress " gets in the way of human dignity , although , this be blamed on the story itself .
Don't get me wrong , the story is great .
It works perfectly for the film , because this is a character drama a war epic , a story-driven film .
There is need for an overly complex plot , because what we're to be drawn to here is these people why they're so willing to fight for what they in .
That being said , the film settles into that mold shines beautifully .
The environments here are breathtaking .
The valley where the Samurai village resides is quite one of the most beautiful set pieces in cinematic history .
Its citizens are well portrayed as well .
These are savage warriors as the early goings of the film have us , but they are families , fathers fighting to give their children some tradition to cherish .
The costumes are spot on , especially the Samurai armor .
When we first meet them thundering through terrestrial mists on horseback , it truly is a fearsome sight .
The film is beautifully scored , from the soft pieces of quiet reflection to the epic pieces of battle , is one of the only soundtracks so far this year that be worth buying ( Return of the King being the exception ) .
Hans Zimmer captures everything good about the film translates it musically .
the fight scenes , oh the fight scenes !
The film is intensely violent has a body count that rival even Kill Bill .
It's simply all out war , but it 's stylistic in its approach as well .
The film has one-on-one sword fighting , finding a windswept rain-soaked Cruise continually training himself in the way of the Samurai .
The Samurai fight for their honor against thousands of Japanese infantry , the battle is simply spectacular .
It is perfectly shot perfectly directed to an emotional resonance often found outside something like Peter Jackson's The Lord of the Rings .
It is a truly epic thing to see , with characters we have come to care for fighting for everything they .
There's even a scene with Samurai VS Ninjas !
It does n't get much better than that .
you quote me that the final battle here is epic enough that it rival even Pellannor Fields in Return of the King
Amidst the battle scenes are long moments of quiet reflection , light humor , poignant dialogue , all of which serve to draw us further into the story connect emotionally with the characters .
Cruise trains fiercely with the town warriors , refusing to stop until he longer move , earning the respect of the villagers .
Katsumoto says to Nathan on the dawn of battle , "You a man change his destiny ? " to which Cruise replies , " I a man does what he , until his destiny is revealed . "
Good stuff .
The Last Samurai is an epic action film that has a heart a brain .
It slows down to let us connect with its characters , then it throws those characters into a visual orgy of blood carnage .
The movie conveys the strength of the Samurai the honor they live by , the beauty of the ancient Japanese culture .
Everything about this film is beautiful I go as far as to rank it one of the year's best films .
Mona Lisa Smile is a deck stacked in Julia Roberts ' favor .
The movie 's premise is that every girl in a certain 1950 's women 's college is biding her time until she 's lucky enough to find a man to provide for her .
doubt there were many repressed women in the pre-feminist era , but were so many of them gathered in one particular place ?
The girls at Wellesley College are Stepford Wives in training .
They let men treat them brutishly ( physical abuse , mind you--the women just are n't allowed to for themselves ) .
they drink lots of booze smoke up a storm .
they sit around at night , practicing being spinsters ( particularly Marcia Gay Harden in a really thankless role ) .
In fact , the only role more thankless than Harden 's is that of Kirsten Dunst , so charming in Spider-Man such a prig here .
Warren really takes passive-aggressiveness to an ethereal level .
But there are a lot of cracks in Katherine Watson 's progressive thinking , too .
First off , she 's such a smart thinker , why is Watson making time with a prof ( Dominic West ) who has a rep for sleeping with the students ?
Secondly , there 's the little speech that one of the students makes to Katherine near movie 's end .
In effect , the student says that since Katherine wants every woman to make a choice , she 's made her choice to be a housewife , what 's wrong with that ?
Anyway , the movie gives its game away at about the halfway point , when the girls usher Katherine into their secret cult , just like in Dead Poets Society .
Plot Details : This opinion reveals major details about the movie 's plot .
I 'll be the first to admit that I was a big fan of Dr. Seuss 's , Cat In The Hat .
My speed was more , In A People House Green Eggs Ham .
When Ron Howard Brian Grazer announced that they were moving forward with a Cat In The Hat movie , I was n't expecting much .
After all , The Grinch , also based upon a Dr. Seuss book , had a lot of flash , but much substance .
So why did I go ?
My nine year old loved the trailers hey - who say to a nine year old ?
Off we went , braving the crowds of snotty-nosed kids , stressed-out looking parents ...
I assume you 're familiar with the book so I wo n't rehash the entire plot...The movie loosely follows the book , taking lots of modern day liberties .
The " Mom " ( Kelly Preston ) is a single parent to Conrad ( Spencer Breslin ) Sally ( Dakota Fanning ) .
By day , she works at Humberfloob Real Estate for the meticulously , germ-free , Mr. Humberfloob ( Sean Hayes ) .
Conrad is your typical adolescent male .
Always getting himself into trouble .
Always harassing his sister .
Always trashing the house .
Sally is your typical good girl .
One day , their usual babysitter is to stay with them Mom find a replacement .
Before returning to work , she specifically tells Conrad Sally that they are to step a foot into the living room , else .
You see , she 's throwing a very important party that night for work the last time she did this , her house was a mess her neat-freak boss was on the verge of firing her for it .
After mom leaves , the kids sit at the window , watching the rain poor down .
A noise interrupts their boredom when they go to , they find the Cat ( Mike Myers ) .
After getting over their initial fears , they soon realize that the Cat is here to make their lives fun .
Too bad fun includes loosing the dog , trashing the house , getting the kids in trouble with Quinn .
that 's enough of the story .
I this is also where I tell you ...and by this point in the movie , I was ready to leave ...
So what went wrong ?
The list is long , but distinguished .
First , every good part of the movie was featured in the trailers .
I only venture that Universal Studios saw the movie , figured out how bad it was , but then patted themselves on the back for being able to pluck out three minutes of decent material .
For shame ...
Second , Mike Myers , who I normally adore , ran amuck with his one-person SNL skits .
While those work in small , contained areas , in less traditional stories like Austin Powers , he picked the wrong character to take off the beaten path .
I was disappointed in him however , my real anger has been turned to the director , Bo Welch
Who is this guy Bo Welch why did Brian Grazer allow him to direct a multi-bazillion dollar movie ?
What , his buddy Ron Howard was n't available ?
He to be overwhelmed by the Dr. Seuss legend .
He to be afraid to do different things to endear us to the characters .
, he let Mike Myers run amuck .
Third , we talk about the non-chemistry of Dakota Fanning Spencer Breslin ?
Besides phoning in their performances , they to have real love for each other .
Perfect strangers have more chemistry than these two .
Fourth , does Alec Baldwin that he 's funny ?
I 've got news for him .
I look at him , get a haircut .
most importantly , why in the hell you have Mike Myers sing ?
Ewww...the selections were horrible , to mention the fact that the tunes stuck out like sore thumbs .
Sixth , whoever was responsible for the special effects needs to enroll themselves in the Pixar school of creativity .
There were several , obvious glitches mistakes ( that have been handled in editing but were ) .
Overlooking the errors , anyone - especially Grazer Welch - thinking that the special effects carry the movie are obviously deluded seek strong medication immediately .
Seventh , the ever-wonderful Sean Hayes , who also does the voice of the fish , was relegated to a minor supporting role which sucked because his character had the opportunity to take this movie in a worthy direction .
Personally , I of better things to do with your time than taking your kids to see this movie .
Get a pedicure .
Take a nap .
All much more worthy of your time ... I promise .
Plot Details : This opinion reveals minor details about the movie 's plot .
OK , I 'll admit it , I went to this movie with pretty low expectations , they to meet everyone of them .
I have been a Dr Seuss fan since I first loved to read .
Now I have two kids of my own when the kids bring me a Dr Seuss book to read at bed time , I have as much fun reading it as they do hearing it .
This gets long winded I apologize for it , but there is so much to complain about .
The Cat : the only thing Mike Myers had to base his character on was old copies of the Wizard of Oz .
The cat looked too much like the lion laughed too much like the lion often sounded too much like the lion .
I met the Doc , but I have to after reading as much as I have of his material , the cat he had in mind was a vulgar pervert with bad taste in music .
I really for this part , someone have put a leash on Mike Myers .
The Language :
While they actually said any curse words , They got way too close on several occasions .
Based on the load at the theatre I was at , the fact that it 's been on for about 5 days now , I 'd guess that approx 1000 kids are going to be walking around school looking at one another quoting the cat when he said " SON OF A BI..." , actually saying it , but getting to close .
Lots of kids will be saying with understanding of what it was meant to , but you want them to walk up in front of your parents , their teacher , someone at church , someone in a store spout off that phrase ? ?
It was one of many .
There is another scene where the boy starts to say SH** ( as a lady I used to work with say ..." Sugar-Honey-Iced-Tea" ) .
I this was going to be marketed to kids , Mike the producers have done a lot of house cleaning in this area .
Alec Baldwin :
Although it was a bit confusing to my 4 year old why Mr. Conductor from the Thomas the Tank movie was in the Cat In The Hat , Alec 's character did a good job of being the guy any kid hate .
What I did n't like was the over the top job they did on Alec 's character making him the opposite of what the children 's mother he was .
We comes through the kitchen at one point carrying a 6 pack of beer , eating a sandwich , burps in the kids faces .
A LARGE gut comes rolling out he proceeds to sit there being as gross as .
The good points (ok , this be quick )
Kelly Preston : I really have to explain why she is in the "good " section , then you have n't seen her .
( big grin )
The Story Line :
OK , I 'll give credit here , although I really did n't like the path they took to get there , the story line was basically the same .
Fun is good , but only you know when to stop .
Some added touches ...
The brother sister who had issues before the adventure , were now a lot closer even willing to stand up for one another .
Did I mention Kelly Preston yet ? ?
Overall , this be an ok movie for older kids , maybe , they had a firm grasp on the understanding that some of the things you see on a movie are acceptable in the real world .
It be a good teenager movie .
It to have a lot of the type of humor teens are accustomed to seeing .
Imagine you will , Mike Myers dressing the part of the Lion from the Wizard of OZ , filming the next installment of Austin Powers dressed that way through the whole movie .
you have n't figured it out by now , I was n't real impressed with this movie .
Being a long time Doc fan , I did n't like the Grinch with Jim Carey , but it was a masterpiece compared to this one .
I really that Horton Hear A Who is n't up for the next book to be butchered .
Plot Details : This opinion reveals minor details about the movie ' 's plot .
Ok let me get this out of the way : I did like this movie .
Borderline hated it .
Now you are only after positive reviews , then you skip this , but you are interested in why I it sucked , read on .
To begin with , I only mildly like Will Ferrell .
I do n't hes funny at all on SNL , but I was willing to give him a chance .
I had seen previews for this a few weeks before it came out it looked interesting , so I figured I give it a shot .
I 'm very thankful that a local theater gives military discounts , I only paid $ 5.50 to see it , after watching the movie , I like I COMPLETELY WASTED my money .
It 's a 100 % kids movie .
There is ZERO bad language in it .
The special effects props are EXTREMELY low budget so fake its even funny .
You clearly tell what parts were filmed on a sound stage , as the backgrounds are blatently fake , effort was put into them .
Will Ferrell plays Buddy , an adult elf .
The whole plot is basically that he snuck into Santas toy bag as a baby , wound up at the north pole , was raised by elves .
That 's the entire plot right there .
The purpose of my review is for adults that its a comedy want to check it out .
Almost every "funny " part is in the previews .
Here are the funny parts : he drinks an entire 2 liter of coke lets out a 30 second ( so ) belch ; a scene where he tries to put a star on top of the christmas tree it comes crashing down on him ; he attacks a fake Santa at a store because its the real Santa .
really , stop laughing .
There is bad language at all , nothing derogatory , put downs , nothing sexual .
I 'm actually surprised Disney did n't make this movie since Disney movies are n't funny geared towards kids .
The plot is pathetically weak totally predictable .
After watching this flick , I will watch Will Ferrell again .
In fact , I were him , I be ashamed of myself for signing such a horrible contract agreeing to make a lame movie like this .
No, really .
Actors are brain dead , rely on childish type humor to make the audience laugh , you do n't do a very good job convincing the audience even for a moment that this is a fantasy flick .
I 'm sure children like it , as its geared strictly for them .
It 's a completely disconnect the brain , plan on wasting some money a few hours of your life , go see it .
Obviously this is just my opinion , I do n't others to this way , but you like adult humor , decent acting , a movie with a plot , a believeable movie set , then avoid this movie like the plague .
since Dan Akroyd donned his own thread bare red white outfit , in the movie Trading Places , has the world seen such a sad pathetic Santa Claus as the one played by Billy Bob Thornton in the newly released motion picture Bad Santa .
Kris Kringle will be looked at in the same way again for anyone that sees this hilarious uptake on the bearded man from the North .
Willie T. Stokes ( Thornton ) as Santa Claus is like having Mr. T play Peter Pan .
It just does n't sound right .
That's what makes Bad Santa such a hilariously funny movie one that I fans around the world are going to love , over over .
You remember him for all the right reasons .
He was caring , honest , enthusiastic about being Santa .
You're going to walk out of Bad Santa remembering Thornton for all of the wrong reasons .
He cusses , smokes , drinks .
that 's all before breakfast .
Manhola Dargis of the Los Angeles times says of Thornton's character ; "A man whose talent for expletives give .
Dr Dre pause . "
For such a little guy he has a big job trying to keep Willie in line just long enough to finish another job another Christmas season .
Graham brings a wonderful glow to the screen in her scenes with Thornton .
Her beautiful smile is breathtaking melt ice off the Rocky Mountains .
Bernie Mac plays Gin , a chain smoking , orange eating mall security man that finds out more than he about Willie Marcus gets more than he bargained for .
His scene with Tony where they try to get a drunken Willie out of the mall is so funny I had tears in my eyes .
Newcomer Brett Kelly plays "the kid" , Thurman Merman .
Snot nosed , overweight , generally messed up in the head , Kelly's scenes with Thornton bring out the humanity in a man that otherwise has .
The late comedian John Ritter has a small part in this movie as the mall manager that finds out he have hired the wrong type of person to be their store Santa after finding Bad Santa banging a heavy set woman in the dressing room of the "Three Times a Lady " department .
This movie , even with Thornton's disturbing language attitude , was one of the funniest that I have seen lately .
Willie's way with the women , his alcoholism , his smoking , all of these things made me want to love the character , to love the movie .
This movie is n't for little kids .
I have n't seen "Elf " yet but I seriously imagine it being as funny for adults as Bad Santa .
Leave the kids at home enjoy Bad Santa as soon as you .
I am willing to bet that Stolichnaya Vodka was paid paid to have their product so visible in this movie .
But you have a soft spot in your funny bone for the darker aspects of human nature , the caustic comedy of directors like Danny DeVito the Woody Allen of " Deconstructing Harry " causes you to break out in uncontrollable guffaws , you 're as fed up as Charlie Brown with the commercialization of Christmas cheer like to see this cynical marketing of a simple holiday blown a wet , beery razzberry , then read on , boys girls , because " Bad Santa " is the film you 've been waiting for your whole life .
Many critics praise an actor 's bravery when they take on a role like that of Cuba Gooding 's mentally challenged football booster in the recent syrup production machine " Radio" .
But a character like that is calculated to warm hearts win Oscars ; the risk factor is minimal unless you overplay come off as a caricature .
You want a risk ?
How about trying out a role like " Bad Santa " 's Willie T. Soke ?
All the while , Willie abuses the kids who come to see him , uses more four-letter words than the entire population of South Park , steals cars , carries on an affair with a waitress ( Lauren Graham ) with a fetish for Santa hats , nails overweight women in the big tall dressing stalls , drowns the fire of his self-hatred with enough booze to swamp the Titanic ( he rides up the escalator to " Santa 's Village " lying on his face , a broken bottle clutched in his jolly old fist ) .
At one point , he wets his Santa pants right in front of the children , this is actually one of his more forgivable offenses because he 's so drunk he does n't even realize what he 's done .
Playing a character like this is a REAL risk .
you play it badly , it 's just an embarrassment .
It is to the endless credit of Thornton , an actor who has made a career out of socially maladjusted misfits ( " Sling Blade" , " A Simple Plan " ) , that he to have taken to this role a moment 's about what a monster like Willie do to his public image .
He growls the character 's endless obscenities with a phlegm-throated relish , throws himself into twisted misbehavior with heedless abandon ...and what 's most amazing of all , somehow manages , against all our better instincts , to move us with this portrayal of a hateful man by letting us forget that he hates himself most of all .
" I am Santa Claus" , he tells a little boy .
" anything , I 'm living proof that there is n't any Santa Claus . "
This is a character which , handled incorrectly , have ruined Thornton 's career .
Lucky for him , for us , that the actor sees the humanity in Willie lays it bare , along with the baser indignities man is capable of inflicting upon himself the world .
For all its dark R-rated excesses , " Bad Santa " is ultimately , like many of the greatest Christmas movies , a story of redemption .
Willie , in Phoenix with Marcus for their annual Christmas scam ( they 've been pulling their Santa heist for years , living high off the proceeds , but always financially dry as a bone come Thanksgiving ) , finds that the job will come as easy as it has to him in the past .
Their department store 's sharp-tongued detective ( Bernie Mac ) jittery manager ( John Ritter in his final film role ) are keeping a close eye on this suspiciously woozy Saint Nick .
What 's more , he has somehow , against all odds , made a friend .
At first , Willie takes advantage of the situation , moving into Thurman 's house , which the boy shares only with a deeply out-of-it grandmother ( Cloris Leachman ) ; his father is in prison for insider trading , his mother "is in heaven with God the baby Jesus ...and the talking walnut " .
But soon , Willie starts to realize that this sad sack of a kid , with his snot-crusted upper lip Cupid-curls hair , who gets beaten up on a daily basis by skateboard punks who exalts over an almost-all-C 's report card , needs almost as much help as Willie himself .
Thurman , to his credit , does that this bleary-eyed human trash heap is really Santa Claus .
He just desperately needs to in something , else one day he just find himself in a Santa suit , throwing up in an alley , just like his new best friend .
Thankfully , " Bad Santa " manages to tell this Yuletide story of a monster 's salvation resorting to the " Will Ferrell learns the true meaning of Christmas " cliches that have sent many a holiday audience into sugar shock over the years .
Director Zwigoff 's past films , including the remarkable documentary " Crumb " the dark but surprisingly sweet " Ghost World " , have evinced a soft spot for the disenfranchised misunderstood souls of the world , the miracle of those films is that he allows us to see embrace the humanity of these creatures soft-pedaling the weirdness nihilism that has made them outsiders to begin with .
Thurman 's plight does make a dent in Willie 's stone heart , but a dent is all it is ; for all we know , he 'll go right on boozing cussing banging fat chicks till his liver gives out they carry him out in a pine box .
Kelly , likewise , is your typical cookie-cutter cute movie kid .
Take " The Cat in the Hat " 's Spencer Breslin , add about seventy-five pounds , yellow-crusted underwear , ill-fitting shorts , an intensely eyes-locked-on-you manner that is as creepy as it is amusing , you understand why this kid gets pounded on every day .
But when Willie is dumbstruck by Thurman 's simple sweet Christmas gift of a wooden pickle , when Thurman announces that Santa has n't brought him a Christmas present for the last two years "because I know I 'm just a dips--t loser " ...you ca n't help but root for these guys .
Maybe to become president , but at least for Thurman to get the pink stuffed elephant he so dearly wants for Christmas .
At least for Willie to find a reason to rise from the booze-and-puke puddle that is his life see another dawn .
Still , regardless of how unexpectedly touching the film be , " Bad Santa " is still the blackest comedy in many a moon .
I am personally tired of Hollywood pictures billing themselves at "outrageous" , when really all that means is that they include a few gross jokes about bodily fluids ending up in somebody 's Sprite .
" Bad Santa " is the first comedy I 've seen in a long time that is outrageous in the literal sense of the term ; several critics have already excoriated it as mean-spirited beyond redemption , a possibly-apocryphal internet news item had Walt Disney CEO Michael Eisner ( Disney owns Miramax subsidiary Dimension , which released this film ) denouncing the picture as an insult to the memory of the company 's founder .
the film is guilty of everything it 's been accused of .
But you know what ?
It gets those laughs .
The audience I saw the film with laughed throughout the film , at several points so loudly that I missed lines of dialogue completely .
Of course , there were people that got up walked out , including the middle-aged couple sitting next to me .
to them I say , hey , different strokes .
It 's a brazen , daring , no-holds-barred comic assault on many of the values that we hold most dear , from the sanctity of family to the importance of good personal hygiene .
, amazingly enough , it still manages to carry a message about how person is beyond salvation he find it within his pickled , diabolical soul to commit one act that is for the good of the world others .
" Bad Santa " reminds us of a message that is always useful to hear : one , even the most loathsome of us all , is completely value .
I , among a small core of twisted , clever misfits , " Bad Santa " will join that Jimmy Stewart chestnut as a perennial holiday favorite .
Best enjoyed , of course , with eggnog .
HEAVILY fortified .
Plot Details : This opinion reveals major details about the movie ' 's plot .
Poor Buddy was abandoned to an orphanage knew his real parents .
He crawled into Santa's bag while Santa ( Ed Asner ) was chowing down on the milk cookies .
For some reason , Santa to notice his presence until they arrived back at the North Pole Buddy crawled out of the bag .
Buddy ( Will Ferrell ) stays with them , but there are problems .
He's twice the size of the other elves .
Oh , he's on the naughty list .
The rest of the story involves Buddy's quest to find his family in New York .
He finds his father , Walter Hobbs ( James Caan ) working in the Empire State Building , discovers he's married with another son .
Walter was an interesting character .
There are many people out there like this who go into one profession another ( in Walter's case , publishing children's books ) because of their initial fondness for the work , end up obsessed with the financial aspect .
Buddy have been the "perfect" elf , but he's picked up some amazing talents abilities from being around them .
When he his brother , Michael ( Daniel Tey ) are being chased by bullies through Central Park , Buddy manages to create a whole armload of snowballs in the time it takes Michael to create one .
When he hears Santa will be arriving at Gimbels ( a department store that 's been out of business for quite some time , by the way ) , he makes all sorts of preparations in the toy department for him imminent arrival , only to be shocked when it 's an "imposter" .
When he tries to go to work with his father , he is sent to the mail-room , where he befriends a man on parole who is something of a slacker , together they turn the mail-room upside-down .
There are also some truly humorous moments as it 's shown that Buddy is so out of place in the elf world .
There were also pictures of Buddy playing basketball with his fellow elves ( he looks bigger than Shaq ) .
Buddy eats some pretty strange combinations of food , indulges in maple syrup on just about everything , along with "finding " gum in some pretty odd places , but that 's about it .
The one bodily-noise humor comes after he chugs a full 2-liter of soda , but my feelings of dread that this was going to take a downturn in the humor department after this were founded .
Will Ferrell captures Buddy's essence perfectly .
He's got a child-like innocence as he wanders around the city has real of the consequences of his actions at times .
Ferrell plays Buddy perfectly - I did n't see him as dumb , only innocent naive .
His expressions of wide-eyed innocence at the events going on around him are also near-perfect , exaggerated over-done .
I credit director Jon Favreau for a lot of this .
The film have easily descended into being a farce , but he kept it in line .
Zooey Deschanel is Buddy's love interest , a worker at Gimbel's named Jovie .
She alone in the "big city " for Buddy , it 's love at first sight , although it takes a while for his Christmas spirit to rub off on the dispirited Jovie .
Still , it 's Jovie who on their first date takes him to see the largest Christmas tree of all .
For me , that was the real star of the movie .
I love going into New York City at Christmastime walking around to see all of the decorations .
The movie captures the store windows with their Holiday displays , the beauty of Rockefeller Center , the decorations in some of the out-of-the way places .
This film do a lot for NYC tourism during the holiday period .
While the film raptly kept my 8-year-old's interest , my 3-year-old was impressed at all .
It to capture his attention as many of the animated films do , he fell asleep in my arms near the end .
It 's also a good film your kids still in Santa are at the cusp where they are starting to have doubts , much like The Santa Clause was for my older daughter ( who opted to hang out with her friends rather than go to the theater with us - her ) .
This is a fun film for the whole family to enjoy this holiday season .
It's got some terrific laughs .
I'm a Will Ferrell fan at all , but I did enjoy this movie .
I will rest until I get the word out this is one of the best movies out for 2003 !
It is quite perfect , but is the only film I 've seen since X2 that succeeds on almost every level it set out to attain .
As I 'm the first review here , everyone know the story by now .
Cruise is a Civil War hero who drowns his sins liquor every chance he from the atrocities he has seen done to the Native Americans .
He gets hired to train a new "western " style army for the Emperor of Japan , but gets captured after a first attempt at defeating the Samurai rebellion .
From there ...you 'll just have to see the movie !
Honestly I have been looking forward to this movie for about a year .
For me who had such high expectations this did disappoint .
The story , I say , is fictional .
So please disregard all those 'not historically correct ' complaints you read .
The director has said upfront they tried to be extremely accurate on all things for that era , but the story is a true one .
Yes it does have its predictable moments , but for me this did distract from enjoying an epic tale .
These are by far the most exquiste creations I 've seen all year .
Of course I 'm talking about the Samurai armor first foremost .
Although we see Cruise 's on all the promotional material , his is the best you 've seen yet .
Acting wise , Cruise stays on top of his game , I do n't it is " Oscar-worthy " despite the amount of training he did for the role , but he really has n't been better .
My 3 favorite performances of his were from Jerry Maguire , Minority Report , Interview with the Vampire , this movie falls right in line .
He does perform a good character transition from his tortured past to his appreciation earnest learning of the Samurai way .
Many of the other supporting characters were also very good , but I see Ken Watanabe being nominated as he delivers a wide range from a warrior 's strength to a father 's compassion .
Yes , most certainly , but they are so well conceived I felt I 've seen the first action (epic )movie that looked entirely real natural ....in a long time .
How I be blow away from the intense battle scenes !
We have Samurai in full gear fighting , we have Ninjas !
have you seen the Samurai sword wielded with such amazing skill ...by everyone in this film .
The choreography of these fights (especially the opening attack Ninja raid ) are breathtaking .
Actually as " cool " as this be , the grisly deaths leave you feeling a bit uneasy about what it means to kill another person how utterly horrible war be the devestation it leaves , unless you 're completely de-sensitized .
Here we see more , new beautiful venues of the New Zealand .
I truly I was looking at ancient Japan , as it once was .
anything go see the movie just to witness its jaw-dropping landscapes !
I am a big fan of Hans Zimmer as I have both his Black Hawk Down Gladiator scores .
Here will be the next soundtrack I purchase .
For the first time in awhile I actually experienced the music in a film as much as the film itself .
The main theme had the spirit of a Gladiator Last of the Mohicans , but obviously with a Far East influence .
It was a lush , rich , emotionally charged piece of music .
The one caveat I had is the ending .
It lost the movie momentum , felt wishy-washy rushed to clear up all lose ends of the story .
The writers did n't know how to properly close it so they stamped it with the all too typical "hollywood hero " end .
Skip ahead now !
Begin Rant ...
How ridiculous is it every Samurai gets killed on the battlefield Algren , especially when they let loose the heavy artillery on the charging Samurai .
Pretty lame the way he only gets hit a few times , I say minor recoverable wounds at best , in relation to every other warrior getting riddled with lethal hits .
End Rant ...
Regardless of a couple faults this is one of the most beautifully shot , emotionally-invested , incredibly detailed movie of the year .
Reviewers Note : I give it 4 1/2 stars I was allowed , 1/2 star deduction for the ending .
Edited ( 12/12/03 ) to correct the mistakes in my rant after a 2nd viewing .
Plot Details : This opinion reveals minor details about the movie ' 's plot .
Please note that I do not regularly have my girlfriend shove crutches up my a*s .
This refers to an isolated incident of about 3 years ago of joking around with her and a mutual friend where they basically poked at my ( clothed ) butt with a crutch .
Tonight , I feel violated .
Yes , even more violated than the incident above made me feel .
And I feel more violated for one simple reason above all : I paid to be violated tonight .
I paid to be violated by Mike Myers , Bo Welch ( director ) , and Alec Berg , David Mandel , and Jeff Schaffer ( the writers ) .
I paid to see one of my most cherished childhood authors , Dr.Seuss , be violated in the most basic sense of the term .
I had such high hopes for this flick ( calling this a 'film ' would be an insult to true 'films ' ) , and I honestly thought that Myers would be able to bring a spastic , if childlike charm , to the role of The Cat .
The plot , if one can call it that , revolves around a pair of children , Conrad ( Spencer Breslin ) and Sally ( Dakota Fanning ) who are as opposite as opposite can get .
Alec Baldwin plays a seedy next door neighbor who is dating Joan , and whose one goal in life is seemingly to be as disgusting as possible while making sure Conrad gets shipped off to military school so he can move in .
As mom plans to host a big party at home for her obsessive compulsive neat freak boss ( Mr. Humberfloob , played by Sean Hayes ) , the kids are told not to ruin the house , and are left with a noodling , overweight babysitter who falls asleep faster than Granpa does on The Simpsons .
Enter the Cat , who helps to ruin the house , anger the kids , and pull so many shenanigans in one day your head will spin...or hurt .
While the last Dr.
Seuss big screen adaptation was n't anything all that hot either ( The Grinch ) , at least it felt like it had some of that Dr. Seuss heart to it , and Jim Carrey at least brought something to the role that so many thought he did n't belong in .
This however , does n't work in the least .
Myers spends the whole movie acting as if he had 6 too many Jolt colas , and when he is n't completely aping one of his better known characters ( i .e .
It 's f*cking embarrassing and not the least bit funny .
In fact , I found it rather irritating and about 20 minutes after his first appearance , I suddenly longed to be in any other theatre , even if it would have meant seeing the biggest chick flick of all time .
The so-called 'humor , ' as mentioned above , is so pandering , so foul , and so UN-SEUSS , that you 'll wonder how in the world this ever got the OK from good old Ted 's estate ( Evidently a few million bucks is worth the price of a man 's legacy ) .
If there is one good thing about this movie , it is that Seuss ' legacy lives on in the imaginative , bright , and colorful sets , backgrounds , and costumes ( Myers ' Cat suit aside ) .
This , along with the two kids ' performances , are the only things worthwhile about this movie , and trust me , they are n't even worth the price of a RENTAL , nevermind a full price ticket to a theatre .
I hope Mike Myers is happy with this gigantic piece of donkey crud he dared to make .
I hope that Bo Welch gets run out of Hollywood for this .
And I hope whoever it is that takes care of Dr.Seuss ' estate and actually approved this movie being made and released ends up in the fiery depths of hell .
I did n't think it would be possible for anyone to rip the heart out of a Dr. Seuss book ...and just when you did n't think it was possible , along came Hollywood .
Yeah folks , I feel violated .
Do n't let this happen to you .
Just go see Elf with Will Ferrell instead .
Gothika is a bad movie .
The problem is that it 's a really good movie .
Its just another " thriller/mystery/ghost story " in a long line of nearly identical films .
Halle Berry , one of the best high-profile actors in Hollywood , is able to take any role make it work , Penelope Cruz is outstanding in this movie .
Robert Downey , Jr. , a man whose body of work I hold in much higher regard than his "brat pack " peers , remains consistently believable in Gothika as well .
The problem is more the plot than anything else .
It 's all so overdone that it was n't hard to nab every aspect of it long before they were revealed .
I had a few problems with believability , by that I don;t mean suspended disbelief .
I simply ca n't buy the that Berry be put into the very institution she worked for placed under the care of only her peers , but one of her closest friends .
The entire theater gasped jumped at one particular scene - which is always a good sign for this kind of movie .
Plot Details : This opinion reveals minor details about the movie 's plot .
This is the first movie I have given an F to all year .
I 'm sure there are other F movies , but I try to avoid seeing those .
When I read all the bad reviews I was in denial .
My 7 year old daughter wanted to see it , so I gave it a shot .
This movie has value whatsoever .
The story is non existent Micheal Myers ( whom I usually enjoy ) compresses every character he 's ever played into one big hairy annoying one .
He even uses his " Fat Bastard " voice from Austin Powers .
The visuals were good , Ill give it that .
The colors sets were Dr.Suessish .
DOES ANYONE REMEMBER CAT IN THE HAT yelling " Bit*h " getting hit in the privates with a bat .
Or...referencing a dirty ho while holding a garden tool .
belching ....or showing his buttcrack ! ! ! ! !
A dog even pees on someones food .
this is what Hollywood thinks is quality childrens entertainment...they are mistaken .
Very innapropriate for children .
Cat in the Hat is about 2 children living with there single mother .
The girl is like a 30 year old trapped in a 6 year old body .
The mother is the typical workaholic mom who has time for discipline .
She is dating the neighbor man played by Alec Baldwin .
He like a successful businessman , but behind closed doors , he 's a drunken slob .
Then as the mother goes off to work , the Cat in the Hat shows up to show these two kids how to have some fun .
Thats about all the lot there is .
you 'd like to know anything else ...please see the top of my review .
Halloween Thanksgiving are now the forgotten holidays as stores businesses strum up garland other holiday decorations in order to prepare for the hopefully fruitful shopping season ahead .
The movie industry be thinking the same thing starting this year especially after the success of last year's The Santa Clause 2 , which opened the first weekend of November to nearly $ 30 million .
New Line offers up their pre-holiday treat entitled Elf , which features the former Saturday Night Live comedian Will Ferrell , who has recently become a new rising star in Hollywood .
After the dismal first half of the year with flops like A Man Apart The Real Cancun , the studio bounced back in the second half with Freddy vs. Jason , Secondhand Lions , The Texas Chainsaw Massacre hopes to continue the trend until their mega-success The Return of the King opens near Christmas .
Elf do that ?
it 's anything like The Santa Clause 2 , it easily but the Ferrell's comedy faces a lot more competition then Allen's did .
only does the film open up against The Matrix Revolutions , the yuletide feature goes head to head with the highly publicized The Cat in the Hat Disney's The Haunted Mansion later this month .
Until then the film will have to build up pretty good word of mouth for it to still hear cash registers ringing come Christmas Day , let alone Thanksgiving .
Up at the North Pole , elves are busy getting ready for Christmas but there is one elf that is learning that he does n't quite fit in .
Buddy is the typical elf , his large size being the biggest factor .
He eventually finds out from his adoptive father that he is actually a human that as an orphan baby climbed into Santa's gift bag one Christmas Eve found his way to Santa's Workshop .
But this is easier said then done as his father is a real Scrooge is prominently found on the naughty list .
Buddy , who has been to the human world , is unfamiliar with many of the things we are accustomed to like revolving doors food products that don't include sugar .
The unusually happy elf find a way to change his father's workaholic attitude help his new family find the true Christmas spirit .
The story for Elf , though on the predictable side especially as the feature starts to wind down , works surprisingly well .
This happens mostly in part to Ferrell's performance but there are also plenty of moments that come off as hilarious even the lead star .
Though the feature does n't have an exceptionally large cast , the film does n't have to with some lead characters picking up any slack left over by that .
Will Ferrell , who was featured earlier this year in the hit comedy Old School , once again proves he has as much comedic timing talent as he ever did on Saturday Night Live even more so .
Ferrell is able to make Buddy the elf both lovable hilarious pushing the personality of the character too far as to make him annoying pathetic .
James Caan , who takes on the role of Buddy's real father , has the grizzly workaholic business man down pat .
The only problem lied with Caan's performance but the character itself in how quickly the character changed his attitude at the end really having a change-of-heart experience .
Overall , Elf joins the ranks of such holiday features as The Santa Clause Dr. Seuss ' How the Grinch Stole Christmas that shows Hollywood is still able to make a yuletide classic as good as the old days .
It's the wonderful atmosphere Will Ferrell's exuberant performance that makes this film a delightful treat for the whole family enjoy one member of the family being alienated by certain material .
There are relatively few complaints that be made about comedy .
The only one that is prominent in most minds be that film tends to be bit predictable at the end of the feature but the filmmakers pull it off so well that many write it off they .
Ferrell's over-the-top performance be a decisive enough reason to venture to the local movie theater see Elf but you are truly convinced , here be a better reason : Elf will keep the children busy for an hour a half while the parents do their Christmas shopping .
Smart , huh ? !
I grew up reading Dr. Seuss .
Green Eggs Ham , How the Grinch Stole Christmas , The Cat in the Hat were some of my favorite books .
When Ron Howard directed How the Grinch Stole Christmas back in 2000 , I was so excited .
It was like seeing a childhood fantasy coming to life with Whoville everything .
It was true to the original story the acting , special effects , costumes , everything was incredible .
It was like a page from the book .
When Bo Welch decided to direct a movie version of The Cat in the Hat , I was equally excited .
I guess I just that this movie be as good as the Grinch , but unfortunately , it was n't .
In fact , it was just one big disappointment from the start .
Mike Myers stars as that lovable Cat who comes to make trouble while Sally ( Dakota Fanning ) Conrad 's ( Spencer Breslin ) mother ( Kelly Preston ) is out .
When she receives a call that Conrad Sally are causing trouble , she make a quick trip home where the audience is then introduced to her boyfriend neighbor , Quinn ( Alec Baldwin ) .
Enter Mrs. Kwan ( Amy Hill ) : the babysitter who loves to sleep.
It starts raining , Conrad Sally have been fighting , they hear a loud noise , go to see what it is , discover an oversized cat .
Cat promises them a fun-filled day where nothing will go wrong ; he even has them sign a contract .
Little do Conrad Sally know that Cat will only create many more problems for them with the use of his mysterious hat , including making their fish talk , destroying their house , basically ruining their lives .
But of course , every Dr. Seuss story has its moral its happy ending .
Conrad Sally learn that they really love each other cooperate more with their mom .
It 's the acting that makes this movie bad .
In fact , the acting is the only saving grace of this film .
Alec Baldwin is perfect as the nosy , two-faced neighbor who only has designs on Conrad Sally 's mom .
Dakota Fanning Spencer Breslin are both precious as the bickering sister brother .
Sally does n't know how to have fun Conrad only knows how to have fun .
They are at the two extremes of the fun scale have to find their way to the middle .
Mike Myers is perfect as Cat .
He 's hilarious .
There is just something about the way he says his lines that makes them so funny .
It 's just everything else about the film that is wrong .
First , I 'll start with the screenplay .
The movie changed things that were in the book added some stuff that was in there to begin with did n't help the movie .
I especially did n't like the fact that there to be a couple of sexual innuendos unappropriate for children completely unnecessary in the film .
The make-up was n't too good .
The costume make-up of Cat look so fake that it 's even funny .
I know that it be rather difficult to do make-up to make Mike Myers look like a cat , but honestly , they have done a little bit better than they did .
The Grinch was a completely fake creature , yet Jim Carrey looked perfect in that movie .
The setting was n't exactly what I had envisioned .
It did n't look like it had just "leapt " out of the book .
Overall , I little kids will like the movie .
They wo n't know any different .
Adults anyone who has ever read the book wo n't be that impressed .
I highly recommend a different movie , such as Elf , you 're looking for a family movie that everyone will love .
Elf is the story of a human who wandered into Santa 's bag of toys while he was visitng a orphanage ( Will Ferrell ) .
He finds him , at first is accepted .
However , their relationship grows throughout the movie it a great story , with humor for all ages .
Ferrell 's comedy , both physical witty , is enough to make you fall out of your seat , even you are sitting on the floor .
The situations he gets himself into by his curiousity naiveness are endless .
the irony of those situations is hilarious .
I remember at least 10-15 distinct times when the whole audience sitting in the theatre laughed out loud .
Although a comedy , this movie does have some touching moments .
Heck , it made me cry .
really cry like big time , but a tear did roll down my cheek , in more than one place .
One was sadness , the other was happiness .
Weird , is n't it ?
Anyway , I give this movie a great rating for its ability to play with my emotions .
Laughter , happiness , sadness , , yes , even guilt , played into my movie-watching experience when I payed my 9 dollars to watch Elf .
This is the worst movie I have seen in recent memory .
A lot of people say , " This is a movie for kids , adults , so do n't be so harsh . "
But even my kids ( 10 14 ) disliked it .
It was " Austin Powers Does Dr. Seuss . "
It was so bad , I ca n't even of a way to make fun of it .
The jokes were tired WAY overdone .
The attempts to insert humor for the parents was just painful out of place .
What a truly awful adaptation from such a wonderful children 's classic .
Plot Details : This opinion reveals minor details about the movie 's plot .
They were mid-70s show in the vein of Rod Serling 's TWILIGHT ZONE but the little episodes were very predictable formula .
Usually , someone was murdered , usually , their ghost came back for revenge in a number of bizarre fashions .
GOTHIKA is a throw-back to those old TV shows - a supernatural revenge story with state of the art special effects some chilling cinematography that makes the movie look a lot classier than it deserves to be .
Halle Berry , gorgeous with a surprisingly good screaming voice , threatens to pull a Cuba Gooding Jr. with her post-Oscar career in this tepidly written horror movie with the inexplicable title .
Berry plays Dr. Miranda Grey , a prison psychologist specializing in dealing with the criminally insane .
Her primary patient , Chloe , played by the overrated Penelope Cruz , is a lisping example of over-acting .
When Cruz screams some obscenities for effect then tries to touch her doctor , she comes off as someone who 's watched Isabella Rossellini in BLUE VELVET too many times .
she ai n't Rossellini .
Intentionally , the beginning of GOTHIKA has Berry misequating professional distance aloofness .
Is she losing her sanity ?
Is she guilty ?
The audience laughed when Downey described a patient 's drug profile .
Berry , obviously student of ER , rattles off medical dialogue with all the conviction of reading her phone bill .
She also does n't to mind some blatant exploitation - there 's a shower scene that to be there solely for some gratuitous nudity .
But GOTHIKA 's problems are multifold .
Blame the director for giving his all-star cast some instinctive direction .
blame the writer for a script that needed a rewrite four .
This is one of those whodunit horror movies that telegraphs its villains victims well in advance .
The true horror of GOTHIKA is that Halle Berry 's choice of material is so hit miss .
So much have been done with this classic story .
, the result is major disappointment , a poor attempt to mimic The Grinch ( which worked ) other movies of this genre .
The mean-spirited character over-played by Alec Baldwin is enough to give nightmares to children familiar with his role as the benevolent Mr. Conductor in the Thomas the Tank Engine movie .
Kelly Preston is gorgeous .
I was insulted every time the two disturbed children were forced by the Director to "look at the camera , show astonishment , look at each other , then look back at the camera" .
What a tremendous lost opportunity
I first started listening to rap in the early 1990s , when members of my peer group , Kris Kross were the hottest act going .
It was obvious that the 2 kids in Kris Kross had talent whatsoever , just used as marketing objects to make rap appeal to the young crowd in America .
The with Kris Kross was to give them a squeaky clean image , with a thugged out look sound .
Obviously when one thing real , one thing fake collide , you have the ultimate phasing out of this music .
What does this have to do with Shyne ?
Absolutely nothing , that was a brief introduction to a situation that occurs in rap known as being a " studio gangsta" .
Studio gangstas are the lowest form of human beings in the rap game .
Shyne falls into the category of studio gangsta , because he claims he was a poor kid on the streets of Brooklyn , who sold a record in his life .
Yet he has a song on his album called " That 's Gangsta" , quite the worst rap song of all time .
That 's Gangsta has Shyne bsing the rap world about he is a true street thug , he 's dodged the cops , he has 100 carats in his watch .
Shyne has 100 carats in his watch , before he had a job , he got it from street hustling , the FBI the purchase of 100 carats worth of diamonds , Shyne obviously be jailed for the reason that he explain where his source of funds originated .
Rather than go deeper into speaking of this horrible fraudulent piece of rap music , I will go on to his next song , equally deplorable attempt to try tell you Shyne is something he 's .
Shyne first debuted on the radio with a song called Bad Boy , featuring Barrington Levy , an reggae star who only existed in the underground world .
Shyne too , only existed in the underground world until this album was released .
Bad Boy is nothing more than a sappy attempt to convince the American hip hop listening audience that Shyne is more than just a rapper , he had to earn his keep on the streets , he is still doing so .
Do n't fall for it , Shyne is nothing more than a really bad actor , a pathetic attempt to match the superior lyrical stylings , of one , Biggie Smalls .
what is one of the worst publicity stunts of all time , the stupidest career move Shyne make , Shyne was indicted for the infamous club shooting at a party , thrown by the head of Bad Boy Records , Puff Daddy .
Now , lets point out the obvious .
Puffy who signs Shyne promises to make him millions because his record will be sent straight to the top through his promotions .
Puff also takes Shyne in despite his ongoing fued with long time friend partner Lil Kim .
So , Shyne , the shooter ?
I , just a shameless attempt to push an album that has reason to ever be shelved .
Shyne is one of the great travesties of rap music .
He has a horrible voice for the business , a look similar to that of Warren G , who has n't been popular since the mid 90 's , is obviously just a cheap Biggie imitation .
I people put blindfolds on take the earplugs out , they will realize what type of garbage Shyne is delivering .
I put that this is Great Music to Play While Getting ready to go out , because hearing this garbage makes you want to leave as fast as .
I like to start off by saying this album is straight WHACK! ! !
Why any of you want an album where all you here is how much money
he has ? ?
People who rap about their personal possesions have respect for hiphop .
Hiphop is an artform which was meant to be made money off of .
I care less how many damn cars jewels he has .
I 'd rather listen to an album that does n't state how much sh*t you got an album about killing the most people smoking te most weed .
Why do n't you all do yourself a favour goto to your local underground hiphop store purchase an album that was mad for strictly flows , strictly skillz , strictly hiphop .
peace
RJD2
16 Tracks 59:19 Time
The Horror - 2. Salud - **3 .
Smoke and Mirrors ** - **4 .
Good Times Roll Pt . 2** - **5 .
Ghostwriter** - 7. Cut Out To FL - 8. F.H.H. - 9 . Shot In The Dark - **10 .
Take The Picture Off - 14 . Silver Fox - **15 .
June** - 16 . Work
The Hip-Hop world is an ever-evolving place for Columbus producer RJD2 .
Two years ago , this guy was doing DJ work in the Columbus area as the lesser-known producer for the MHz .
Let 's put it simply say the man has made a name a reputation for himself .
A lot of this stems from his glorious solo debut , Deadringer .
While this is an Instrumental Hip-Hop album , trust me , you wo n't miss the lyrics .
While the album starts with the quirky , dense , mood-setting The Horror it quickly brightens up into a journey through the wonderful world of soul .
Smoke and Mirrors shows RJ filling a dark but wondrous track with hard trumpet loops reflective soul singing samples .
Ghostwriter skips the vocals completely goes with a boarderline country guitar sample which bursts joyously into triumphant horns that will leave you breathless .
Being a popular DJ around Ohio 's biggest campus ( Ohio State ) , RJD2 knows how to have a good time which is exemplified by Good Times Roll Pt . 2. I had a time machine , I 'm pretty sure RJD2 have sold this track to some Motown artist in the old-soul era .
It 's got all the dance , rhythm , atmosphere of a back-in-the-day party anthem .
To give us a Soul Position preview , Blueprint crashes the party on Final Frontier .
With a wicked piano riff a little added bounce , RJ sets 'Print up for an easy score .
'Print proves he 's up to it too , spitting , You 're ill you are / My notepads full of medicine / Plus my freestyle is Excederin/ Take two rhymes call me back with a new style / Be sure you 're prepared for the final frontier ( We 're here ! ) .
indeed , Soul Position has officially arrived on the scene .
Chicken-N-Bone Circuit shows his great love of hard drum loops as he forms one of the most chaotic , head-nod-inducing drum beats you will ever hear on wax .
On June he opts for atmosphere of the usual steady soul-loops while bringing along MHz emcee , Copywrite .
Between Copy 's tight intro/retrospective verses RJ digs out a beautiful guitar to drive home the passion of his fellow artist .
It 's one gripping track .
As he continues to ride the verge of complete success , those who know will always point to this album as his major coming out party .
Pick up Deadringer , you wo n't be disappointed .
Alcatraz is well known throughout the world as the notorious San Francisco Bay prison built in the 1930s .
In addition to housing such infamous figures like Al Capone George "Machine Gun" Kelly , the house of detention is best known for being completely inescapable .
Given the state of artist/label business relationships in rap music , its wonder that Bay-area rapper Rasco found the federal lockdown facility as a perfect metaphor for rap recording contracts , big names restricted to unfair conditions with little of freedom .
Fortunately , Rasco joins an elite minority of rappers able to escape "the Rock " with his career still intact .
After tunneling his way out of an unbalanced recording deal with Copasetik Records , the Cali Agent found his way into a more equitable agreement with Coup D'Etat that allows to make the music he wants to make with less restrictions .
This year , Rasco celebrates his newfound freedom by dropping his banging new LP , Escape From Alcatraz .
The story of Rasco's contractual incarceration is told in "Snakes In The Grass ( The Jon Sexton Story ) ."
A combination of street narrative slick diss track , the emcee recounts the bad situation he was in at his previous record company while sharing some choice words for his former employer .
On "My Life " Rasco contemplates complex issues such as morality , race , politics over a bouncy funk-electronica loop .
" U Got The Time" expresses the artist's desire for people to take control of their own destinies , rhyming with conviction over undeniable soul guitars vocals .
In fact , though the open hostilities toward his former label are liberally peppered throughout Escape From Alcatraz , Rasco's music is generally upbeat in nature .
The party mood is captured perfectly in "San Fran To The Town " featuring Hieroglyphic Casual tearing up the rich , warm guitar grooves with his cleverly slumpy vocals .
"Put Your Hands Up" "Real Hot" also exemplify the festive vibe with the former a triumphant return to the game over summer anthem-style accompaniment , while "Real Hot" features an innovative modification of the classic soul sample that Eric B Rakim made legend with "Microphone Fiend . "
Naturally there are a host of celebrities on hand to participate in the revelry , including long-time partner fellow Cali Agent Planet Asia .
The west coast Wonder Twins activate "Endless " with their gruff-voiced Cali big talk , trading sixteen bars of venom over echoing strings , chopped samples , hefty drums .
Chali 2na of the golden age-reminiscent Jurassic 5 lends his reverberating baritone to "The Sweet Science , " the two rap heavyweights unloading a flurry of battle raps spiked with boxing metaphor .
Rasco's lyrical footwork here make even Roy Jones Jr. proud : " I stick jabs in your abs stay in the lab rhyming / going for feints bad timing / this be the team that shatter your spleen/ I go twelve rounds , baby , 혩till your clock is cleaned , knaamean ? "
It's mystifying why some record labels rather let artists spin their wheels doing trendy crap nothing at all , rather than allow them to make quality albums like Escape From Alcatraz .
Rasco's latest effort proves his ability to skillfully craft lyrics that dance between aggression , introspection , social awareness , while recruiting producers that adeptly balance his gruff demeanor with rich soul , jazz , funk-based production .
Rasco's situation prove encouraging for other artists , you be smashing rocks today , but stay diligent you'll be making smashes tomorrow .
Knowing that they are 체ber appreciators of quality hip-hop made the choice as easy as jumpin' in my ride .
My sources tell me that Odds Evens is Defari's second full-length release , the first one being Focused Daily .
It also as though he is intimately connected to Dre his posse ( surprise there coming from LA ) .
My stereo is relatively bangin' so it 's a good place to test quality .
Good production in hip-hop usually equals how tightly the bass beats come out the speakers at high volume .
Often , bass starts to bleed , escaping the parameters of the speaker cone , creating distortion even blowing speakers .
There 's bleeding hear .
The tune is basically heavy bumpin' with lots of the lows , the same ones directly associated with that earthquake feeling you get when sitting at a red light next to one of those scary looking cars with the tinted windows , supa shiny rims , wide-a** tires that way too small .
Defari harkens back , reminding people that he still kick-it with the best .
The lows stay tight to the speakers , almost lifting the car with the volume cranked .
The adrenaline rush I got reminded me of high school when I used to crank Def Leppard Accept .
Fun stuff !
Another thing that struck me about Odds Evens was the variety of the lyrical content .
Defari comes across as a seasoned professional .
He brings up all kinds of subjects .
There is only one interlude only one cut shorter than 2 minutes .
The combination of Defari's mature west coast sound , tight lyrics , smooth vocal style create a lethal dose of BANG.
Although I like ALL of the tracks ( pretty impressive these days ) , here are some of my standouts :
Inner City has one of coolest hooks kinda like lowbump-bump-bump-bump-bump-bump-bumpbumpbumpbump-lowbump over a straightforward beat that hits with precision purpose .
Very west coast , very Dre inspired , very tough nasty .
Cold Pieces also has a hook that got stuck in my cranium long after the sound waves dissipated .
Tribal , eerie , otherworldly , tough .
Take The Weight Of My Hand is smooth relaxed .
Here Defari tells us a little about what makes him tick .
The syncopated bass line on the low mixes with the shrill pinning of keys on the high to create a tension that is only broken by Defari's smooth flow .
Lots of confidence attitude in this one although in-your-face .
Xtra Thump you already know how this goes .
Los Angelinos is a lovely orchestrated joint accented by a simply complex key hook that sets a mellow mood .
With urgency , Defari gives props to his hometown .
There are 10 others that I did n't mention as favorites but that 's just because people have short attention spans these days ( myself included ) .
I , , give props to Spell My Name ( the video single ) , the beautifully edgy Hooks , regal title track Odds Evens , even the bass horns of the finale Stay Bubblin' , etc .
Well , only that you are a fan of west coast hip-hop , simply want a place to start your west coast experience , have a pulse a CD player , you get down to your local music peddler pick up Odds Evens .
Defari is at the top of his game .
Also , further props to E-Swift Evidence of Dilated Peoples for their quality handling of the production duties .
Top shelf !
For the past 2 years , the Neptunes team of Chad Hugo Pharrell Williams have plagued the commercial music industry like cancer .
Theyve produced a countless amount of hits for only hip-hop artists , but have crossed over into RandB pop supplied their futurisitic beats for other artists in other genres .
Both usually stand behind the boards , but Pharrell Williams has grown accustomed to singing hooks for acts such as The Clipse , Jay-Z , Snoop Dogg , Ludacris .
Pharrell Williams is talented to me his voice is great for hip-hop / RandB , but a bit too commercial .
Even though these guys are relatively good behind the boards , they dont bring anything new to the table are extremely repetitive , to mention their choice of rappers for this album is ... in a word . . poor .
The real name of this album shoud 've been " The Neptunes Present ... CRAP" .
1 . Intro ( RATED )
2. Busta Rhymes - Light Your A** on Fire ( 1 1/2 Stars )
3. Clipse , Pharrell , Ab-Liva - Blaze of Glory ( 1 Star )
4 . Ludacris and I-20 - It Was n't Us ( 1 Star )
5 . Pharrell and Jay-Z - Frontin ( 4 Stars )
6 . Vanessa Marquez - Good Girl ( 1 Star )
7. Nelly - ( 1 Star )
9 . Snoop Dogg - It Blows My Mind ( 2 Stars )
10 . Spymob - Half-Steering ( 2 Stars )
11 . High Speed - F*ckin Spend ( 3 1/2 Stars )
13 . Fam-Lay - Rock N' Roll ( 1 Star )
14 . Jadakiss and Supercat - The Don of Dons ( 1 1/2 Star )
16 . Noreaga and Pharrell - Put 'Em Up ( 0 Stars )
17 . Dirt McGirt - Pop Sh*t ( 4 Stars )
18 . Kelis and Nas - Popular Thug ( 1 Star )
A lot of the songs are heavy on production , featuring some unique production great new sounds found by the Neptunes , but with poor subject matter lyrics , which brings Clones down for people who favor lyrics over beats .
A perfect example of this is Busta Rhymes second single " Light Your A** on Fire " .
The beat , though clubbish , features some new sounds .
The bongo drums mixed with claps are in a somewhat different assortment , giving it a unique echo which ive rarely heard on a hip-hop track .
He spits nonsensical commercial dribble about booty-dancing clubbish themes .
Their first track is " Blaze of Glory " .
Plain Simple , i just stand this song .
The beat is terrible , featuring a completely off-balance medley of bass , synthesizer , trumpets which sound completely terrible .
The rappers on this track are less than average , as Clipse once again tries their very best to hit us with dope rhymes , but miserably .
The song tries too hard to be aggressive , but it sounds terrible .
" It Was n't Us " is a pure club piece of trash .
The beat is just too damn clubbish , with the Neptunes over-use of synthesizers , adding a unique whistling sound .
Pharrell has an excellent RandB singing voice , as he has the ability to raise lower the pitch of his voice , but usually stays high .
The track sounds a tiny bit too much like a Justin Timberlake song , but it still hits the spot .
Pharrell 's smooth RandB vocals , the dope soothing Neptunes production , Jay-Z 's short , but on-point flow make this track an excellent one actually one of the highlights of Clones .
the album were loaded with more songs like this , it be a more than worthy purchase .
Im usually against producers making records , but Pharrell has enough talent to make it far selling-out .
We go from good RandB to absolutely awful RandB with " Good Girl" .
Vanessa Marquez sings over superb Neptunes production , but her voice is just ... terrible , at least on this song .
The song has a more poppy to it , sounding like a Britney Spears song , but i personally ca n't stand the premise the vocals of this song , making it somewhat unlistenable .
Even though the beat is n't bad whatsoever , it fit better for Pharrell to sing over it this b*tch .
Everybody knows i hate Nelly , but im biased .
The sad thing is that the beat is rather good .
However , Nelly 's choppy flow , terribly commercialized lyrics , of vocabulary kill any momentum the track 've had .
His lyrics bring the song all the way down to a 0 Star Rating , but the beat puts it at 1 Star .
Newly signed Star Trak artist Roscoe P. Goldchain gets a joint with a few other members of the Neptunes label on " Hot" .
The beat is very simplistic , unique , seemingly unheard of .
Featuring a scratch snare , some very low chimes , a simple drum loop with bass , the atmosphere is seemingly non-existant the song is low , im guessing so that the emcees flex their vocal muscles .
Admittedly , some of the lyrics on this track are indeed dope , but their refusal to remain on subject sort of pulls it down , besides the fact that their lyrics are average as .
The main event here though is the abstract production , which is something that ive honestly heard , making it sound as somebody vocally scratched these noises in a cypher , which is a unique .
I checking this song out you just to hear the beat , lack-there-of a beat .
But its nothing special whatsoever as he once again proves why his best days are far behind him .
The beat however , is extraordinarily unique , as always .
The Neptunes give us a thumping echoing drum with some chimes in the background , seemingly bass , for what the drum gives it .
The chorus is done by Pharrell im guessing , its sort of catchy , but enough for a commercial single .
Message for Snoop : RETIRE ! ! ! ! ! RETIRE ! ! ! ! ! RETIRE NOW! ! ! ! !
Spymob is ... rock .
I heard that the Neptunes signed a rock group onto their label , but i had clue it was on here .
The guitar rift is alright , but nothing special .
Im a big fan of punk music , but i do know good music when i hear it , this is good music to me .
you bought this album for the hip-hop , the skip this , along with the High Speed track " F*ckin Spend " .
In my opinion , the High Speed track is a lot better , with a louder vocalist a pounding guitar rift .
Im guessing that the Neptunes wanted to give previews of their new rock acts coming out on Star Trak .
Well there ya go .
N.E.R.D. return on " Loser " .
N.E.R.D. team up with Clipse for a very pseudo-rock sounding track , which sounds like a freakin punk song at the start , with a guitar rift , melodic vocals , seemingly a steel drum .
After listening to the track we get to The Clipse flow , which is actually too bad they manage to fit within the music in the background .
This track is more of a rock-rap mixture , just hip-hop music .
Ill give the Neptunes credit , they are great at experimenting with new styles blending styles being creative , but they need to knock out the commercial crap .
Even though the beat is worth listening to , the rapper Fam-Lay is the worst emcee ive heard thusfar on this album , yes hes worse than Nelly .
Fam-Lay 's lyrics are among the worst ever , as he spits uninspired , whack-a** lyrics , with a vocabulary matching that of an unborn child , a choppy flow .
Fam-Lay raps about money drugs as every rapper does , but he sounds just terrible .
This is the pure definition of commercial rap in my honest opinion , i simply hate it .
This is terrible .
I 'd rather watch Golf than listen to this ...
" The Don of the Dons " is terrible .
First , we get a fake-a** Sean Paul rapping his unlistenable jamaican lyrics , Jadakiss giving us a relatively dope performance .
However , both these vocalists are brung down by bad production .
There is simply too much going on in the background .
The funky guitar does n't match with the synthesizers whatsoever , the track sounds a bit funny production-wise .
Personally myself , i stick this into my cd player .
Fans of The Clipse recognize " Hot Damn " .
This track was originally on the Lord Willin' album , but this is the clean remixed version .
The lyrics are altered , as well as the chorus .
The beat thankfully stays the same , with that epic piano trumpet medley which is definetely head-knodding one of the best Neptunes beat ever .
The lyrics in my opinion , are watered-down on this version , with less memorable punchlines less witty clever flows .
It was smart to put this track on this album , since it 'll definetely help sell the album .
Noreaga Pharrell drop by to make an absolutely terrible clubbish song " Put Em Up" .
This be the worst song on this entire album .
The clubbish beat , overproduced bullsh*t , triple-cadence flow female vocals make this as commercial as it get .
I dont know who started that crap about Noreaga being a dope lyricist , cause he is FAR from it .
Noreaga is TERRIBLE.
At last , after the many years of being away , Old Dirty Bastard a.k .a .
Dirt McGirt is BACK.
The Neptunes provide the beat for the excellent " Pop Sh*t" .
The Neptunes beat is a very fitting , over-the-top sounding arrangement with a crazy guitar rift drum loop .
His lyrics are , as , insane !
ODB is truly back , as he spits exactly the same as he did when we left off , with over-the-top lyrics , his memorable angry delivery , a dope flow .
ODB is excellent on the track as i truly that his lyrics have maybe even improved a tiny bit since his last outing .
Engaged to be Married couple Nas Kelis ( I they 're engaged ) finish off the album with the terrible " Popular Thug" , which is a huge dissapointment for a Nas fan like myself .
This track sounds as it was seemingly pulled right out of Nastradamus .
It sort of bothers me that Nas refuses to stick to one persona , to sound like he is selling out once again .
Kelis ' vocals are admittedly nice , but boring at the same time .
The song has a unique when it comes to production , as the Neptunes give us a semi-clubbish RandB beat , with guitars , synthesizers , organ piano .
The only thing Clones has going for itself is the beats .
The Neptunes , though commercial , are very good producers skilled at making unique beats with extraordinary sounds .
Unfortunately for them , their choice of emcees is somewhat limited , as they seemingly choose sign some of the worst lyricists in the game .
I 've preferred that this album be more of an instrumental piece than a showcase of artists .
With only 2 good songs , there really is n't much for this album to be good , but im positive it will sell tons of records .
Big D you skip this one pick up the new Cunninlynguists , Gangstarr , Canibus , Little Brother albums .
Those will definetely provide enjoyment , a LOT more than this .
When I first heard about Loud Rocks I was completely jacked .
When Loud Rocks came out I went out got it .
The concept of this CD is great is was just poorly executed by Loud records .
This CD has a great line-up .
With tracks by Xzibit and Sevendust , Sugar Ray and the Alkaholics ( now the Liks ) , Incubus the late Big Punisher , Ozzy the Wu Tang Clan , System of a Down Wu Tang , many more .
The line-up is stacked , but this CD is .
Some songs don't even sound like the two parts were even recorded together .
On a few songs I doubt the rapper was even involved , it just sounds like they edited him in from past recordings .
I know for a fact that Old Dirty B*stard was in jail when they made this album so they obviously just edited his part from "shame" into the System of a Down version .
All the songs sound worse than the originals .
The rock parts are also sloopily throw together , don't sound like time was put into them .
This whole albums is flawed , I it was just a gimmick .
I'm sure it lined the pockets of some Loud executive .
They cashed in on the rap-rock trend .
They sure suckered my nieve self in got my cash .
This CD is n't horrid , there are a couple tracks that stand-out .
The Shootyz Groove song "Caribbean Connection " is pretty good .
one good thing came out of this album is was that I was introduced to Shootyz Groove .
The have a real band backing their lyricists .
Kind of like a Latin version of the Roots .
The System of a Down cover of Wu Tang's "Shame" also does n't blow , mainly because the lead singer of System of a Down rap .
The Incubus cover of "Still a Playa" is pure bubble-gum pop .
They sound like a bad cover band that be playing children's birthday parties .
A lot of these covers ruin the originals .
I have clue why Everlast needed to re-make the Mobb Deep classic "Shook Ones" , he just made it sound band .
The MOP song "How About Some Hardcore " was butchered by Butch Vig .
All of the songs on this album sound forced will get that rap-rock chemistry that songs like "Bring the Noise" by PE Anthrax even "Walk this Way " by Run DMC Aerosmith had .
of these songs will ever be performed live by the two groups that laid them down for this album because it 's all studio magic .
Don't waste your money on this album .
Loud Rocks is a train wreck that you avoid at all costs .
Alcatraz is arguably the most infamous prison on our planet .
Built in the early 1900 's , housing names like Al Capone , Alcatraz is one of the harshest , most impenetrable prisons ever .
The label in particular that he is about is Copastik Records , headed by Jon Saxton .
After "escaping " that "prison , " Rasco found his way to Coup D'Etat Records , he relishes his new freedom with this new album .
The Intro kicks off the album with sampled soundbites describing the hopelessness of Alcatraz , the desolate inescapable prison .
After this setting-setter , we get Get Free .
Here , Rasco uses Alcatraz to symbolize two separate things .
First , he uses it to urge people to "escape " from whatever is holding them back in life .
The second meaning is more personal , which is his own struggles with his previous label .
He calls out Jon Saxton here , talking about his previous adversity in the industry .
Building upon personal setbacks is U Got The Time .
Over a relaxing , soulful guitar loop , his verses flow easily on this uplifting song .
Here he once again urges his listeners to break free of everything keeping them from doing what they want .
Rasco 's songs have an uplifting message , while managing to keep his tracks down-to-earth more happy than sad .
The Sweet Science features Jurassic 5 member Chali 2Na , the two MC 's trade the first two verses share the third .
Here , they use a boxing metaphor as a symbolism for their battle rhymes .
The beat is more bouncy , featuring samples strings , it more geared towards Chali 2Na .
San Fran To The Town features Casual form the Hieroglyphics .
Here the thick guitar loop meshes with Casuals nice-sounding flow , its laid-back relaxing .
Rasco calmly tells of his legal brawls with Copastik Records Jon Saxton , accusing them of stealing his songs , his money , his career .
He tells about how he was fighting to leave them , his reaction now that he is free .
This sort of song is reminiscent of Common 's Cube-diss , because both songs feature an artist who is known for his viciousness who lashes out obliterates his opponent in the most laid-back way .
All I Wanna Be closes out the album , with guitar strings Kisha Griffin singing the chorus .
Here , Rasco raps as he is confessing , telling us what he wants in the future , his desire to "escape " the route his career in rapping has taken to this point in time .
Rasco 's newest LP is one of the best of 2003 , get it now . . his talent on the mic was "imprisoned " on this album , your urge to buy it be .
Ras branches out into many different aspects of rap .
From dissing , to introspect , to retrospect , Rasco lays it down skillfully with enough greatness to make Jon Saxton wish he was n't such a moron .
Congratulations Copastik , Rasco just made all of you look like the conformist "imprisoning " label you really are .
Although Cormega was kicked out of the AZ , Nas , Nature Foxy Brown group The Firm some time before the groups ' debut album , he joined Def Jam records was working on his own released debut album The Testament .
Soon after , he was facing jail time on charges to me released that album .
Some years later , he 's finally released his true debut album , The Realness .
Although I had high expectations for it , it lived up to be everything I had it to be is nothing short of amazing .
Though Nas say different , Cormega is almost a reincarnate him .
With this said , its hard to notice the street poetry , the delivery multi-syllable flow that 's throughout the albums fourteen tracks .
Although many disagree with me , but Cormega 's style is , , better than Nas ever have .
While Illmatic is a classic album of street poetry , The Realness deserves , in every right , to be in that particular hall of fame .
Below Is A Track Listing Their Overall Rating :
1 . Dramatic Entrance ( *****)
2. American Beauty ( *****)
3. Thun and Kicko ( *****)
4 . The Saga ( *****)
5 . R U My Nigga ?
6 . Unforgiven ( *****)
10 . Get Out My Way ( *****)
11 .
You Do n't Want It ( *****)
12 . 5 For 40 ( *****)
13 .
They Forced My Hand ( *****)
14 . Fallen Soldiers ( Remix ) ( *****)
Dramatic Entrance is a classic album opener .
of an intro a skit to level everything out with talking about nothing various sound effects that make sense , we get an actual track .
The low-key , very angelic beat is brought to life by a rather complex drum loop extremely well-fitting harp sound effects a scaling keyboard effect tops everything off .
The actual lyrics are second to .
Cormega does n't fuck around with bragging , various comments just rambling on about nothing , he actually kicks a few verses that touch down on his time before this albums release how few he actually record this classic album .
The one thing I was most surprised at was the fact that he did n't waste any time getting into the actual rhyming deep subject matter that The Realness undoubtedly has .
The following track , American Beauty , is a rendition of the classic Common track , I Used To Love H.E.R.
The overall effect is still the same as ' Mega uses the metaphor of a woman for the various uses that Hip-Hop has for both the underground the mainstream .
His lyrics are second to his flow perfectly suits the slow , saddening beat extremely well .
The only problem I have with this particular track is that even though his lyrics are extremely good , the track is too short for him to actually go into any detail that was n't heard on Common 's version .
A few tracks up , we come to my favorite track , bar on the album .
R U My Nigga is a questionnaire of trust loyalty .
With a beautiful beat provided by Jae-Supreme that consists of a brilliant synthesizer section , a scarce drum loop a bass kick that tops it all off , Cormega retains his poetic lyrical elements .
The being handled this way is a fresh works considerably well .
To top it all off , listening to valid points over a first-class beat with poetic elements thrown in as well , you a classic track which is exactly what comes from this .
( " The insecurity of things they see/Makin' niggas minds corrupt , then my nine erupts/Denyin' what , life you had expired/You tried your luck , then died for what/You asked for forgiveness but my eyes was shut/You was n't wise enough , to stop me from risin' up/Are you my nigga ? " )
Over melancholic bass lines a keyboard effect that is as somber as the bass lines themselves , Cormega reaches into the Heaven 's tries to connect with his deceased friends .
With complex , emotional lyrics that are as simplistic as they be incredibly deep rhyme-wise , you say Cormega is n't emotionally honest .
only is he incredibly serious melancholic in tone , his subject matter touched whoever is lucky enough to hear this brilliant track .
Emotionally lyricism is one thing , but crafting a great beat over poetic lyrics that craft more emotion than the production itself is stellar .
a doubt the introspection here is one of the many stand-outs on The Realness .
The following track , Glory Days , shines because of its original extremely well-produced beat it 's retrospective , professional lyricism .
Rap 's A Hustle is an original metaphorical track that uses the of pimping for emceeing .
' Mega 's pen is the prostitute he is the pimp ; this is an extremely original in of itself .
It does n't come as any surprise that the production is stellar .
Over a scarce drum loop , airy sound effects a keyboard-style background that gets your head nodding immediately , he kicks his original subject matter with faltering moments .
He drops the poetic elements for more Old School-styled lyricism which is slightly simplistic in the rhyme department but just listening to his great use of metaphors is a great listen in of itself .
As well , over a beat that is near perfect in every aspect makes the track all the much better ; a doubt this extremely fresh view of Hip-Hop is something that more Hip-Hop needs to utilize .
You Do n't Want It follows later on in the album is a better example of the battle raps you 'll find throughout The Realness .
Much in the same vein as Get Out My Way but lighter in tone , ' Mega spews venom Nas everyone of his other peers .
Over a piano arrangement a light drum loop , ' Mega drops insult truthful statements to verbally attack Nas with multi-syllabic rhymes a scheme that is both complex on-point flow-wise .
a doubt this even outweighs Nas ' diss to ' Mega , Mobb Deep Nature with Destroy and Rebuild from Stillmatic simply because he does n't use typical battle tactics but uses the honest truth .
' Mega does n't resort to immature insults but relies on great lyricism valid points to explain the situation with Nas , belittle him .
( "You wanna talk violent , but Sig P. 's for solution/ I stalk silent , when I proceed execution/Taught by the , realest niggas to walk the planet/With one you vanish , like the Corp. remanded/You on the Ave with your weak mans frontin'" )
The albums ends with the great freestyle 5 For 40 the introspective They Forced My Hand a classic remix to the already perfect Fallen Soldiers .
Even with the album appearing done , after about two minutes of waiting after the Fallen Soldiers ( Remix ) ends , another track starts up .
An ominous background starts up over a dark bass line , the sound of a record popping low vocals darken the track all the much more .
All three give a great performance with their own distinct flows subject matter for this particular topic .
Although it 's officially the album closer , the lyrics themselves leave a lasting impression leave the album on an extremely good note .
This is one of the greatest albums of all time ; I even go as far as to say it 's the modern day Illmatic .
Out of every one of the fourteen tracks , of them approach being weak are all stellar .
The outstanding lyricism , great subject matter fitting production makes this one of the greatest albums you 're to hear within the category of street poetics .
Find it , buy it , live it .
Casper ) who has created this dance as an aerobic workout for a fitness club .
Years later a Chicago radio decided that this electric slide is what was from our lives started a big promotion for it .
Hard to speak of good , meaningful music here ( does anybody remember " Macarena " ?
: ) , but you just want to exercise dance you give it a try .
There is even an instructor ( I do n't know I call him singer ,DJ performer ) giving you the directions over a house beat : " Slide to the left !
Now , slide to the right ! "
With nine different steps dedicated wills this wo n't be a problem for us !
I hardly recommend it for your wedding dance though !
; )
Clap your hands everybody
Slide to the left
Take it back now yal
One hop this time
Right foot lets stomp
Left foot lets stomp
Cha Cha now yal
To the left
Two on the left
Two on the right
Cha Cha now yal
Slide to the left
Take it back now yal
One hop this time
Right foot lets stomp
Left foot lets stomp
Charlie Brown
Five hops this time
Touch your knees
How low you go
go down low
All the way to floor
you bring it the top
Like you stop
One hop this time
Right foot lets stomp
Left lets stomp
Reverse Reverse
Cha Cha now y 'all
11 tracks featured have all derived from this ' Master ' song .
1 . Cha-Cha Slide [Radio Edit ] - Casper
3. Bus Stop ( Electric Slide ) [Radio Edit ] - Green , Charles
4 . Casper Cha-Cha Slide - Casper
5 . Step to This - Col' Ta
6 . Unworthy - Col'ta
7. Unworthy - Col'ta
8. Bus Stop/Electric Slide [ Original ] - Green , Charles
9 . DJ Eric-B Slide - Dj Eric B
10 . Step to This - Col'ta
11 . R-U-Here - Col'ta
At last ... My survival in the Epinions community has reached its peak .
Big D has achieved what few have managed , the amazing feat of 150 reviews under his belt .
One that virtually everybody on this network of reviews loves enjoys .
One that is a classic by all ... what better album there be than Ras Kass 's golden classic Soul On Ice .
Albums by Jay-Z , Gangstarr , Mobb Deep , 2pac fueled our thirsts for hip hop , but both coasts were only split by rivalry , but split by style .
However , the west more jiggy gangsta , fueled by the emergence of Death Row Records Gangsta Rap .
Emcees like Dr. Dre , Eazy-E , Ice Cube , Snoop Doggy Dogg , Kurupt , 2pac were giving us the G-Funk style of hip hop .
However , it difficult to find any true competent advanced lyricists in the west .
With the exception of a cadre of underground lyricists Kurupt , there were really good lyrical masterminds from the west .
Along comes Ras Kass .
There was so much buzz surrounding the underground west coast hip hop scene in 1993 over this man that it is ridiculous .
At one point , he caught the eye of a record executive who listened to his Soul on Ice EP , immediately signed Ras for a deal .
It took a little under a year for Ras Kass to complete his first major label debut , entitled Soul on Ice , which was released in 1994 .
Ras Kass was on top of the world , until this album was pulled from stores for its extremely graphic , somewhat racial , controversial lyrics .
Unfortunately , it was put out of print very few real copies were left avaliable on the planet .
Unfortunately , many have heard this album , those who have consider themselves lucky , because Soul on Ice arguably be the most lyrical album in hip hop music... hands down .
Track List and Rating
2. Anything Goes ( 5 Stars )
4 . Reelyishm ( 5 Stars )
5 . Nature of the Threat ( 5 Stars [10 i ] )
6 . Etc.
( 5 Stars )
8. Drama f/ Coolio ( 3 1/2 Stars )
9 . The Evil That Men Do ( 5 Stars )
11 . Miami Life ( 4 1/2 Stars )
12 . Soul On Ice ( 5 Stars )
13 . Ordo Abchao ( Order Out of Chaos ) ( 5 Stars )
Soul On Ice is labelled by many hip hop heads , myself included , to be lyricism at its finest .
Absolutely jiggyness , useless thug rhymes , money-flashing included here .
All you get is extremely well-written , thoughtful , socially conscious lyrics , with a blazing delivery , loaded with a plethora of metaphors , similes , wordplay , punchlines , a multi-syllable flow .
you dont that this is the most lyrical album , it definetely gets the trophy for most metaphor used within an album .
Because Ras Kass complex biblical scientific metaphors explode track after track , giving us a more advanced form of battle rapping braggadiocio , besides all of the intelligent , socially conscious , street-smart moments also included .
Ras Kass kicks it off with " On Earth As It is ..." .
On here , Ras Kass takes the battle rapping style of hip hop to a new plateau .
The first thing you notice is the deep , underground production chosen for this track , which is incredibly good .
Ras Kass gives us one of the most creative tracks ive ever heard , as he gives us a battle rap mixed with braggadiocio , loaded with biblical metaphors similes .
Seemingly every single punchline bar is loaded with a biblical metaphor , where he compares himself to a variety of religious figures , including Jesus Christ himself .
His unorthodox skills on the microphone guarantees that your jaw will drop listening to the lyrics more than once on this track .
Its clear that Ras does his research before writing a track having to resort to reading " Jiggyness 101 " " Sell-Out 101" .
Then I be walking through the pearly gates
with an infared scope ten millimeter heater
Drinking the blood of Jesus Christ p*ssing holy water
QUESTION who come cleaner
Matrimony is getting head but I refuse to break bread
with Jezebels , my management already gets twenty percent
so f*ck tieing , go to Hell ... I 'd rather continue backsliding
Come watch the Zion , I 'm signifying
the next sh*t to wreck sh*t see the Exodus
" Anything Goes " is our first showcase of Ras Kass ' street poetry .
Ras gives us some tight verses about getting ahead of life .
He claims that everybody on the planet will do anything to get money , which sort of mocks a lot of people , including commercial rappers who sell-out for money .
Ras Kass ' metaphors insertions of battle rhymes complement the track perfectly .
Ras sort of admits to following the mentality of taking the easy , yet cheap , way through life , but mocks those who do it because he has gotten more advanced in his mind than he was at that time .
The production is well produced , featuring some harmonicly deep basslines , drum / clap loop , low-keyboard violins , some background vocals , which fit with the dark mood of the song the lyrics .
Another masterpiece .
" Marinatin' is next on Soul on Ice .
The instrumental is a slow-paced , jazzy sounding track with some flutes , snares , some synthesized keyboards , a triangle , drum loops a low bassline .
Ras Kass takes the west coast mentality of G-Funk inserts it into the track , rapping a slow song about a party , Ras Kass ' style .
However , do get this mistaken with commercialism , because this is the case .
Ras Kass vividly describes living the good life , very vividly , separates himself from the other west coast rappers with his use of metaphors , clever wordplay , similes , utilyzes a more in-tune multi-syllable flow for the third verse .
Ras continues the jazzy tunes with " Reelyishm" .
Ras Kass drops social commentary of himself , comparing himself to the current state of hip hop music , stating that he does n't care about selling records as long as he keeps it real true to the underground .
On the second verse , his lyricism improves using a more advanced scientific vocabulary a multi-syllable flow .
Ras raps about the streets at times , giving it a more street poetry .
The production is very simplistic , but fits the mood .
Featuring a loud clap , violins , a hard bassline , some old school RandB vocals for the chorus .
Definetely another classic .
Slides over liquidated grains of asphault caught cranial calluses
Try to f*ck every radical feminist I meet , call it engage defeat
That 's the reason why black men hide in the womb , homes
Cuz life is all taxes tombstones
So as flesh bone I zone my thoughts explode with rap shranel syntax ;
That 'll wax to the past , present the future of Ras Kass lies in the skull ,
Like the coronal suture ...
But sometimes I wonder does it really exist ?
Cuz true lyricists in hip-hop Joe Public be dissin
N*ggas do n't relate , elevate its treated like elevator music
At last , we get to defining moment of Ras Kass career , of Soul On Ice , the single most controversial track in hip hop : " Nature of the Threat" .
To summarize it as best i , Ras Kass time travels back to the birth of humankind in itself , tracing the history all the way back to present day .
Ras Kass gives us a plethora of narratives covering the oppression of caucasian individuals / white people towards african american individuals basically the entire world .
Ras Kass raps about nearly all of the mistakes in the past , striking out with tons of a bunch of claims about changing the entire history of Jesus Christ , the Roman Age , the birth of the Smallpox / Aids Viruses , the myth about Thanksgiving .
This lone track has become a pure legend among hip hop heads worldwide .
Ras raps on this track , telling the entire story for nearly 8 minutes straight .
He mentions so many historical figures , too many to count on this particular review .
Ras Kass ' research for this track took months , his effort is extremely appreciate , even though some of the information is a bit off wrong , but way he makes you want to go to your local Public Library actually research these facts yourself , that is how much of an impact this song has .
When it comes to the basic hip hop elements , Ras is on point with top-notch lyricism , metaphors , similes , clever wordplay , a shining delivery .
The production is deep dark , driven by a recurring bassline , low-drums , church bells in the background .
This is a nominee for greatest hip hop track ever recorded , you 're looking for a lyrical sample . . sorry ... try ohhla.com ,
... then buy the album , which is what you 've done a long time ago .
"Etc " is next .
Ras speeds up his flow , almost reaching a triple-cadence style , but slows down at times .
Ras uses amazing lyricism to take down all the commercial rappers materialistic emcees in this venomous battle rap .
Ras is extremely clever loves to use wordplay on this track , for a partion of the track , Ras uses some amazing alliteration , starting almost every word out with the letter " R" .
The production is more funky , with some vocal samples , scratching , synthesized bassline , flutes , drum / snare mix .
Awesome track .
I dispense dope sentences a prescription
prefixes asphyxiate b*tches who flips linguistics
Representin the West , relevant to relentless sentences
Revert to revolution Ras reverse , reverberates
Revolvin with written retalliation , rate repetitious
Reflex flex , regret n*ggaz regress to less than recoup
When recording , I wreck , records
Cause I model more styles than Naomi Campbell
See we been burning idiots with lyrical syphillis
Ras Kass gives us a track dedicated to the lost hip hop coast of the West , with " Sonset " .
Ras stands up for the west coast on this track , displaying his lyrical skill exploratory flow , which is amazingly good .
The production is simplistic , with a haunting snare , accompanied by deep bass drum loops , which matches with the lyrics perfectly .
Ras Kass is joined by average rapper Coolio on " Drama" .
Ras Kass gives us a seducing , pimp-sort of song , with a twist .
Ras Kass gives us a metaphoric masterpiece of females how they act , addressing relationships the greed of women .
Coolio comes in to drop an average , mediocre verse , further showcasing the talent margin between the somewhat successful Coolio ( at the time ) , the underground sensation Ras Kass .
Ras Kass gives us a more fun-loving , light hearted track , put together perfectly with a light-hearted beat .
This is followed by the introspective " The Evil that Men Do" , where Ras Kass pens his eight classic so far on Soul on Ice .
Ras Kass addresses racism , hate crimes , physical emotional abuse , life on the streets .
Each lyric is powerful preaching , loaded with clever narratives .
Its an extremely introspective look on life , from a first-person point of view .
Definetely a masterful track .
Nappy headed n*gga stigmatism at birth
Born to a family of four so that makes me one-fourth
of a dysfunctional home ...
I had a father who only stayed to see me grown
When I turned twelve he was gone
Alone , role model
I used to watch my Granddaddy Uncle hit the bottle
but I still see how it affected her mind
As a child I introverted , drew pictures
Ras Kass gives us venomous battle rhymes , filled with intelligent wordplay , metaphors , similes , alliteration , multi-syllable flow , memorable punchlines .
The instrumental is a very unique , abstract sounding beat with a thumping bassline , background flutes , synthesized snares , drum clap mix .
Fools lay claim to fly rhymes but I terrorize airlines
My mind 's a porcelain Glock 7 slippin' through the metal detectors
Ready to wet'cha like baptism
With microphones , I 'm like the Blade Runner hunting clones
I " Beat It " like one glove a bad nose job
With more breathin techniques than Lamaze
Ras still be drinkin' malt liquor brews
continues the liquidation of crews
Wit ' a drunken technique like Shun Di 's kung fu on Virtua Fighter 2
This changes a bit from the pro-west coast lyrics to pro-Miami , which is a big weird .
Ras Kass raps about basically " Miami Life" , as he gives props to his life in Miami , the life-style in Miami .
The metaphors similes in this track are too high to count is yet another lyrical wonder .
The beat features some sombre synthesized flutes , drum / bass , some background siren noises .
Nothing too special , but really good complementary to Ras skill .
The title track " Soul on Ice " is next .
This is actually a remix of the original , done by Diamond D , who provides a new beat .
However , ive heard the original , so i cant judge the original , but i say that this beat is nice .
It has some chimes , synthesized pianos , a drum / clap mix .
Ras Kass raps in a very " Public Enemy " style , rapping about everything from the problem to the world , to mixing it up with battle raps against commercial rappers , sort of taking the mentality from where the song originated .
" Soul on Ice " was originally a book written by former Black Panther Eldridge Cleaver , where he wrote about african americans living in America , loaded with problems (avaliable on Epinions ) .
The final track on the legendary Soul on Ice is the aptly titled " Ordo Abchao ( Order Out Of Chaos ) " .
The introduction to the song is a thumping haunting drum beat , until a horn , piano keys , chimes , hard bass , some background vocals , which provide the backdrop for the rest of the track .
Ras Kass comes on the mic with yet another classic as he points out a handful of conspiracy theories , government cover-ups , mixed in with social consciousness about how its basically towards blacks .
Ras Kass raps about the anger hatred towards blacks for reason , how even the government is trying to control us with diseases .
The subject matter is amazing will keep your ears open .
Sort of a sequel to " Nature of the Threat" , which provides a perfect close to the album .
Now sh*t gets realer , reality dictates fate
Gobal Policy 2000 by then , the planet depopulates
By about 1 billion men women children
By whatever means necessary
Wars , diseases , starvation , plagues etc .
Set ya watch watch Lord Matreya ascend
Been in effect since before George Washington Monument
Soul On Ice has stamped itself as being one of the candidates for being the Greatest Hip Hop Album in the History of Music .
Ras Kass provides lyrical classic , after classic , after classic sometimes i that he is the greatest lyricist of all time .
However , he sort of killed that when he released the extremely mediocre Rassassination .
Amazing Wordplay , mixed with intelligent vocabulary , controversy , metaphors , similes , confidence , storytelling , narratives , a socially conscious eye , you 've got Soul On Ice .
This is one of the most highly reccomended albums i reccomend ... to everybody .
Zion I : Zion ( rhymes ) , Amp Live ( beats ) , DJ K-Genius (scratches )
Production : Amp Live
1 . Creation - Intro
2. Revolution (B-Boy Anthem - Zion I 's first song is an infectious blend of Asian-sounding backgrounds futuristic Southern bounce .
They did their job right , because it really sounds like one .
- 5
3. Critical feat .
Planet Asia - DJ Premier 's descendants from the year 3000 made beats , they sound like this .
Zion Planet Asia from the Cali Agents flow really well over this .
4 . Mysterious Wayz - Now we get a middle-eastern futuristic beat .
Zion tells a cool story about meeting an Arabic woman .
The production the rhymes are perfect together .
- 5
5 . The Choice - Skit
6 .
The Koncrete Jungle - Another choppy , futuristic beat from Amp Live .
My description of this album make it a little monotonous , but me it 's .
It 's just that the only word I of to describe it is "futuristic . "
- 5
7. Metropolis - This is just an instrumental track from Amp Live .
But it 's a full-fledged drum bass track , hip-hop .
This is a DOPE track .
- 5
9 . Trippin - DAMN this beat is good .
Zion continues to flow nicely over these beats .
This is the best song so far .
- 5
10 . How Many - Like all the other songs , Zion strives to be creative just resort to any old subject matter .
He asks the listener a bunch of questions over this song .
Once again , Amp Live comes through with the beats .
- 4.5
11 . Elevaton - This song has Zion I 's collective creativity peaking .
This song sounds nothing like any hip-hop you 've ever heard before .
The beat is pretty much drum bass , but this time Zion tries out a new flow .
- 5
12 . A Little Change - A little disappointing after the previous song .
This is n't up to par with the rest of the album so far .
14 . Venus - This is a song about commercialized hip-hop using a woman as a metaphor , in the same boat as Common 's I Used to Love H.E.R. "Sometimes she shake her thang , sometimes she want to chill / But otherwise she searching for that doggone dollar bill / Yo , she settin up the kill from the moment that it starts / Prayin on the weakness that be lurking in they hearts . "
- 4.5
15 . Rap Degreez - Some more futuristic production , this time with an Indian Wu-Tang influence ( plenty of kung-fu vocal samples ) .
This is also one of Zion 's best moments as an MC. - 5
16 . Silly Puddy feat .
The Grouch - A couple of my friends this beat is too spaced out , but I it 's incredible .
Underground hero the Grouch makes a nice guest appearance , Zion comes very tight with his rhymes .
- 5
17 . Inner Light - The first single from the album is a classic .
This one is very similar to Elevation , where Zion has a laid-back delivery over relaxed , but fast-paced drum bass production .
19 .
All Tha Way feat .
Knowmatic , Rasco , 427 - The other half of the Cali Agents , Rasco , two MC 's I 've heard of , Zion all rip into this nice beat .
- 4.5
One - Zion I was formed in Atlanta ( although they are California-based ) , the Outkast influence seeps through in this track , namely the sound from their sophomore album ATLiens .
That happens to be a classic hip-hop album , a personal favorite of mine , so naturally I LOVE this track .
- 5
21 . Inner Light ( Icey Remix ) ( Bonus Track ) - A lot of the time , bonus tracks really be more appropriately titled " Throw-away Tracks . "
Fortunately for us , this remix is even better than the original .
" Life is one big road , with lots of signs / Let your inner light shine / Let your inner light shine .. . " - 5
Songs - 4.75
Beats - 5
Rhymes - 4.5
Originality - 5
Overall - 4.75 / 5
Simply because they are n't on a huge label have their videos on MTV , Zion I is criminally slept on .
The best thing about this CD is it 's wide appeal .
I already compared Zion I to Outkast on one song , but they deserve another comparison : both groups have a universal sound that appeal to both the average listener who simply turns on the radio to hear music , but by the same token both have more than enough artistic merit to please even the most picky , critical backpacker who listens to music simply because other people do n't know about it .
The big difference is EXPOSURE.
I guarantee Zion I sell millions of records the video they made for Revolution (B-Boy Anthem ) (yes , they have a video for it ) was given rotation on MTV , Trippin , One , Inner Light were played on major radio stations .
But enough about their .
Now I 'll talk about the actual reasons of why they 're good .
First off , we have the beats .
Amp Live turns in an extremely impressive performance on this album , putting his own personal spins on hip-hop drum bass .
I 've heard production like this before , but I sure as hell wish I had .
Next , the MCing .
Zion is n't the most complex MC you 'll ever hear , but every song he writes has a message .
Same thing for Amp Live Zion .
This album is a near-classic , my favorite overall album from 2000 , one of the most unique albums I 've ever heard .
Buy it immediately sooner .
Louis Logic has only been around for a short time .
He has released two CD-ROM's , "Music to Drink By : A Collection of Loosies Exclusives " "Debacle in a Bottle : a album" , two excellent releases that basically compile the whole of his discography in two goes , mainly composed of 12" singles , bootlegs , unreleased tracks exclusives .
The title "Sin-A-Matic" is itself a play on "cinematic" , in short Louis Logic decided to present the various "sins " he likes to indulge in , in a various number of creative cinematic ways .
Ironically , the opening cuts of " Sin-A-Matic " are typical of many modern rap albums - something that 's confusing at first . Louis Logic comes out swinging in his opening bars from the Sintro ; " My CD is diseased , please be cautious  each queasy chorus will leave ya nauseous  Each verse is equipped with evil forces  For teachin' your kids how to be remorseless " .
It 's a short freestyle introducing his album - a typical rap album feature - it gives you a good of his skill as an emcee ( check the multi's ) .
Louis then couples his braggadocio with blunt thoughts on the state of the rap game in the magnificent "Street Smarts" : " Whatcha cause ya neck ya wrist go bling  That ya sh !t do n't stink ?
Fa**ot asses doin' the Sisqo thing in a thong  Y'all ai n't had a inkling of thinkin' of bringin' it on  Take my advice shorty  Before I make your life story the sad sh*t RandB bit*hes sing in a song" .
This is one of the angriest songs on the album but most importantly it demonstrates his ridiculous flow hard-hitting wordplay , coupled with a distinctive voice .
But in an industry crammed full of imitation after imitation , Louis Logic does stand out .
The conceptual inventiveness that is found throughout " Sin-A-Matic " is unique .
Take " Freak Show" , an of the rapper's eccentric side , as he adjusts his vocal tone to a highly odd accent vividly describes all kinds of society's weirdos , over a minimalist , bouncy fairground-inspired beat .
"Fair Weather Fan" is one of my favourite songs , it finds Louis presenting both the views of several fans critics about his music his own response to these resulting criticisms , over Memo's wonderfully dark , computer-inspired beat .
The best most controversial song is undoubtedly "The Ugly Truth" .
Over another solemn , eerie beat this time crafted by The Record Collecter , Louis satirises the views of racist America by describing several minority races through mockery of standard racial stereotypes rhetoric .
He 's got one hell of an imagination ; his storytelling is on a par with Nas Ice Cube , the worlds he constructs are fantastical weird .
It follows that one of the main features of Louis Logic's philosophy towards life is that he does n't really take too much seriously ; you wo n't see much political social commentary Louis uses the creative side of his brain .
Spitting lines like "You see as much as I love pu**y  you ca n't feed it to me because I do n't eat anything that bleeds for a week do n't die" sporting ODB lines for the hook it 's a funny way at looking at typical subject matter .
yes , even when he switches up the subject matter , he avoids any laziness keeps the complexity of his rhymes .
"Dos Factuom" is just a beautiful song , as Louis describes a wild night out when heavily inebriated , alcohol is his other main passion .
What's best about this song , however , is the magnificent production by J.J. Brown , we're talking about lilting/JJ guitars a dreamy horn sample creating a really surreal atmosphere .
"Postal" has a wonderful switching beat ; starting off with cheeky trumpets a cavernous bassline then changing to a bouncy piano-blessed instrumental , which is great backing to a hilariously inventive story of two halves from Louis Logic about a fed-up bored office worker who eventually goes "postal" , a sly satire of a plague of modern American society .
The best of the best , though , is the wonderful lead single "Idiot Gear" .
Over one of the catchiest choruses keyboard loops I've heard for a long time , it 's like a distant cousin of Gang Starr's "Mass Appeal" (yeah , THAT good ) , Louis kicks fast flowing charismatic lyrics about why you want to find out about an ex-girlfriend's exploits with her past boyfriends .
Needless to say , the great production is simply only a continuation of J.J. Brown 's work on the rest of the album .
Warning : This opinion is very graphic .
It is intended for adults .
I that one is offended by this opinion , they are , I sincerely apologize .
Let me preface this opinion by stating I have before had a problem with profanity in music .
I have always preferred to buy the unedited versions of CDs .
Having seen the video for " Get Your Roll On " on BET , I I 'd enjoy this CD.
Yet , when I listened to the same song on the CD , I was shocked .
It sounded like an almost completely different song .
A lot of my favorite artists use profanity in their lyrics .
However , I that there is a way to do it so it blends well in the music .
Big Tymers sprinkle curse words in their lyrics in places where only is it necessary , but it detracts from the rhythm .
of the lyrics flowing , as with Ice Cube Dr Dre , Big Tymers ' lyrics have a stutter quality to them that makes listening to the songs unenjoyable .
These lyrics were all taken from the song , " Get Your Roll On" .
That is the chorus , it is said four times .
The chorus is said many times throughout the song .
" Slap that b**ch ,
" Big d**ks we slang ,
" Your wife is ,
God d**n , mother f**ker ,
She 's a good d**k s**ker . "
While some rappers incorporate profanity into their songs in a way that is seamless does n't stand out , the Big Tymers have mastered the art yet .
They 've put profanity insults in their music in places that have flowed much better them .
This was proven by watching the video for " Get Your Roll On " on BET.
I had to get up dance in front of the TV .
The beats rhythm on the CD are still booming , such that you will want to dance to them bob your head to the music .
But you 're like me , you will wish there was a switch on your stereo that allow you to cut the lyrics out just listen to the rhythm .
The I got from this album is that Big Tymers were trying to copy Ice Cube Dr Dre other Gangsta Rappers ' styles , miserably .
you like Gangsta Hardcore Rap , read my review of Ice Cube 's new album , " War Peace : Vol 2 ( The Peace Album )" .
My recommendation on this album , " I Got That Work " by Big Tymers , is get the edited version , just pass it up , save the money that you worked for .
Official Intake/Evaluation Form
Patient Name :Keith Thornton
Previous mental health treatment : Treated at Bellvue Mental Hospital briefly , occasional follow-up visits
Since then , has recorded albums for several labels .
issues related to identity , having operated under several names personalities .
Employment record spotty , containing numerous periods of inactivity .
In commencing upon this effort , I came across his 1996 album Dr. Octagonecologyst , recorded under one of his many aliases , Dr. Octagon .
Upon listening to this album , I found myself deeply disturbed ; this patient be beyond my medical skills .
A conversation between a patient a doctor , this brief dialogue ( taken from what Mr. Thornton refers to as a "porn flick" ) demonstrates a disturbing preoccupation with sex , particularly in the highly unethical patient/doctor context .
Suspicion of hypersexual and/or sexually compulsive behavior .
Particularly of note : the repeated , echoing cries on the track of the female patient exclaiming , "fuck my pussy , doctor ! "
While his lyrical flow is quite competent , the assistance of Dan " The Automator " Nakamura on production , makes for an overall quality song , it to hide his clear case of dementia .
On " Earth People " , I see that his delusions are even more intense than previously .
Keith Thornton is convinced he is , in fact , from Jupiter .
He also to he is actually a doctor .
While he attempts to mask his delusions with clever lyricism more of Nakamura 's production skills , combined with DJ Q-Bert of Northern California 's Invisible Scratch Picklz work on the turntables , there is doubt : Thornton is most assuredly mentally troubled .
" Real Raw " to that Thornton has an inflated sense of self , filled with declarations of his superiority over others .
Additionally , it to a sub-conscious propensity for violence hidden behind his facade .
Evidence of this is further found in the track immediately preceding it , " Awareness" , which begins with an excerpt from a movie discussing cannibalism , leading into a song with a decidedly Wu-Tang Clan-like tone to it .
Note to self : make sure orderlies are made aware of subject 's for violence , are knowledgeable in the proper use of restraints .
" General Hospital " to be a continuing manifestation of Thornton 's delusional belief he is a doctor .
Showing blatant disregard for proper medical behavior , he proclaims a patient dead of chirrosis of the eye , a disease which does n't even exist .
I am increasingly troubled , curious as to what activities the patient was engaged in prior to treatment .
" Blue Flowers " , outside of the patient 's continuing belief he is a practicing surgeon his description of "green rain " , is unusually cogent , written during a more lucid period in his disease .
" Technical Difficulties " is the most obvious example present of the "word salad " typical of most disorganized schizophrenics .
Chewbacca 's here i 'ma do it for your circumcised
Niggaz do n't realize my format is a palm spectrum
To damage any rectum
To play anally through the trunk a digital master
Was given to sam cooke jimmy castor
Another sample from one of the patients "porn flicks " , entitled " A Visit to the Gynecologyst " contains elements of female impersonation , sexually compulsive behavior , ( ) rape , I am beginning to question the ability to rehabilitate Mr. Thornton .
Even more disturbingly , on the track " Halfsharkalligatorhalfman" , Thornton now claims his is Dr. Octagon ( himself ) 's 208-year old ancestor , named Mr. Gerbik , a self-described "half-shark , half-man , skin like alligator .
Carrying a dead walrus" .
As the album closes with " 1977" , the patient 's psychosis to have intensified , now believing himself to be a house party MC in the late seventies .
Admittedly , Nakamura 's production captures the flavor of the song .
However , this only further that Nakamura is clearly complicit in Thornton 's delusions , be kept away from him at all .
Recommend regimen of 125 mg Seroquel daily , with dosages of Ambien as needed .
Additionally , you will be helping with the treatment of a person clearly in need of mental help .
Great Music to Play While : Tripping on acid playing video games
Let's just face the facts at hand , even Obie Trice was a garbage rapper ( he is ) , he's packed by the Superman of Hip-Hop , the seemingly invincible Eminem - able to make death threats in 16 bars , pistol whip fools for jealousy , everything that Eminem touches really does turn gold .
From the promise that in several copies of his album are golden tickets to meet the blonde one ( why meet Obie ?
Oh yeah , one cares ) , to the cornball lead single , the sky is the limit .
The aforementioned lead single entitled "Got Some Teeth " is classic Eminem material , from its attempt at humor ( it ) , to its elementary lyrics : this is my favorite song / to sing along / when the deejay throws it on/ I leave here tonight I fall asleep/and wake up / hopefully she got some teeth" .
Right .
"Average Man" finds Obie busting more caps than the folks that don't like 50 Cent , which brings me to another important point : Hip-Hop is seeing the resurgence of thug mentality while there are plenty of artists on higher planes , the mainstream is so convoluted with thuggery ignorance that it 's enough to break my b-boy loving heart .
The bad boy persona continues with "Cheers" , a mediocre track that only be described as well , mediocre .
"Don't Come Down " has an ill sample , but then Obie had to go mess it up by rapping .
The parallels to Slim Shady continue with Obie's disdain for the woman who gave him life sadness for the hardships he experience growing up as a young ghetto youth , which is the only requirement for getting a record deal these days .
While Eminem does get the executive producer credit , his beats are just the swap meet equivalent of Dr. Dre's harder edgier material so all of the tracks produced by Em sound budget .
Perpetual hook singer Nate Dogg stops by to bore me with his voice on "The Set Up" , where Obie rambles on about a shady woman (yawn ) .
Dr. Dre also gets his flow on on "Sh!t Hits The Fan" - while I like the sound of Dre's voice , his flow is just getting it so his best bet is to stay behind the boards , Obie's on this track too , but he sucks .
"We All Die One Day " finds two thugs ( 50 Obie ) uniting for what sounds like a cheap mix tape track .
The gun talk , don't f( $ 8k with me talk keeps on going like the energizer bunny it was n't original on track 1 at 9 , it 's wearing thin on my nerves .
D-12 fans ( all one of you ) be happy since Kon Artis guests on "Spread Yo Sh!t" whose only savior is that the beat is a head nodder .
Featuring Eminem , the song has a strong hook , average beat on this thugged-out love song of sorts .
- Final Thoughts -
His rhymes are average at best , his flow is monotonous the fact that he seemingly can't stand independent of Marshall Mathers , does n't help his cause .
So you're thinking about getting a shiny gold ticket , don't even waste your time , its back to the drawing boards for Obie : real name , too many gimmicks .
Great Music to Play While : counting the minutes to the album ends .
Ok . . so lemme break it down for ya .
Cash Money Millionaires came along many years ago , but were n't recognized until 1998 when they had a huge empire of hit-making south rappers with talent , but catchy songs .
However , in 2001 , they all made the smartest moves in their careers , walked out on Cash Money Records , excluding Lil Wayne , who remained .
The Cash Money empire was all but destroyed as they released mediocre record in which even commercial fans were shunning .
The underground fans cheered as the downfall of one of hip hop 's horrible empires was destroyed worse than Rome .
These guys gave Hip Hop a bad name , it was only a matter of time before they fell .
Unfortunately , this was the case .
The CEO of the company , Brian Williams , a.k .a .
Baby ... the # 1 Stunna , decided to become a rapper go solo .
Hed been rapping as part of the duo of the Big Tymers , but this time has decided to rest the company 's fate on his shoulders , release Birdman in 2003 .
Track List and Rating
1 . Bird Lady Talkin' ( Intro ) ( RATED )
2. Looks Like a Job 4... ( 0 Stars )
3. Fly in Any Weather f/ Jazze Pha ( 0 Stars )
4 . Ms. Bird Pageant , Pt . 1 ( RATED )
5 . Ms. Bird f/ Mannie Fresh ( 0 Stars )
6 .
I Got To f/ Lil Wayne ( 0 Stars )
7. Had Nothin' ( 0 Stars )
8. Baby You Do It f/ Toni Braxton ( 0 Stars )
9 . Ms. Bird Live from Superdome ( RATED )
10 . What Happened to That Boy f/ The Clipse and Pharrell Williams ( 1 Star )
12 . How It Be f/ Jermaine Dupri , TQ ( 0 Stars )
13 . Heads Up f/ The D Boys ( 0 Stars )
15 . Fly Away ( 0 Stars )
16 . Say It Ain't So f/ Boo and Gotti , Keith Murray , Mikkey ( 0 Stars )
17 .
Ms. Bird Pageant , Pt . 3 ( RATED )
18 . Do That .... f/ Mannie Fresh and P. Diddy ( 0 Stars )
19 . Ice Cold f/ Jazze Pha , TQ ( 0 Stars )
20 .
21 . Ghetto Life f/ Lil ' Wayne , Cam'Ron ( 0 Stars )
22 . Keeps Spinnin f/ Petey Pablo ( 0 Stars )
The production on this album is led by two main producers : Mannie Fresh newly signed Jazze Pha .
Both individuals have something in common : they are both ridiculously out of shape , they both have skill .
Both have the same style of production as well , typically synthesized club beats jazzy instrumentals .
Using fast cellos guitars , mixed with thumping basslines , it sounds good , but its horribly orchestrated .
At times , its so loud that its unlistenable .
The other producers on here are Jermaine Dupri , P. Diddy , Timbaland , The Neptunes , which all suck .
The production isnt as annoying as the lyricism , because as most of you know , commercial rappers , specially those in Cash Money , have absolutely talent , taste .
Even with a plethora of guest appearances useless skits , Baby proves that there is still way for him to put together a solid album .
He is extremely unintelligent , uncreative , cliche , frankly , extremely BORING.
to mention he relies on his ridiculous birdcall .
It makes me laugh that he goes on TV thinks hes cool , when hes making himself look like a complete idiot with his wobbly movements his attempt to dance makes him look like a piece of 80 year old jello after its been hit with a fork .
The dude looks 80 too , did i mention that ?
Musically , Birdman has NOTHING to offer whatsoever .
.
Zero .
Nada .
We hear the words " This is a Cash Money / Bad Boy ... Collaboration" , to me , its the equivalent of hearing This is a Saddam Hussein / Osama Bin Laden Collaboration , two completely evil entities combining to give us a complete trash of a record , which makes me want to shoot the television .
Sad thing is , these guys they are " cool" , they are making complete fools out of themselves .
At this point , one word instantly entered my mind : " Driveby" .
Of course , then i remembered that i cant go to jail again , so i proceeded driving , gritting my teeth in anger going at about 50 in a residential area .
My love for hip hop is truly strong .
Of course , they were singing the ridiculously stupid " What happened to that Boy" .
On here , Baby brings in former-underground sell-outs The Clipse to help Baby try to rap .
Typical rags to riches story which is ruined by Baby 's ridiculously materialistic verse .
Funny that on both the singles from his videos , you see him prancing around wiggling his hands like a little girl , in which i really that Baby is a f*ckin f*ggot .
But of course , the materialism conquers this entire album .
Baby brags about his amazing status i guarantee you that he comes around to my neighborhood , i will personally kick his a** , steal all his jewelry , even his teeth , pawn the sh*t .
yes , i promise i will .... swear on my life , hed better be armed .
On tracks like " How it Be" , " Baby You Do It" , " Keeps Spinnin" , " On the Rocks " " I Got To" , Baby stresses all of the material possessions he has , yet hes still single ... how about that .... news flash bro... they DO Like you for you 're personality looks .... bro... its for you 're money .
But of course , he knows that ... he KNOWS IT.
I Pray to god that some day he gets poor so he be as miserable as we poor folks are .
As usual for these pop-rappers , they have to try their best to tie to the streets be thuggish , but of course they miserably .
On " Ghetto Life" , " Had Nothin" , " Heads Up" .
His meaningless uninspired attempt to be introspective sucks , as im very very sure that he manufactured his childhood just to be equal to other rappers ... meaning he " sold drugs " was a " thug" , which i find hard to just like looking into his fat nasty face .
Its easy to tell a liar sometimes , this guy break a polygraph faster than id break his CD.
To me , this is sooo unlistenable , its a miracle that it sells , frankly IT P*SSES ME OFF ! ! ! ! ! Everything on this album is horrible ... terrible ... unlistenable ... what else i say ?
He is a good lyricist , but his appearance on this album befuddles me .
to mention that the particular verse he spits is horribly materialistic whack .
Keith Murray is a great rapper , but he has place on this album whatsoever ... Say it aint so Keith ... Say it aint so ....
Is this album complete trash ?
OH YEAH !
Is it worth burning in fire ?
OH YEAH !
Is Birdman the worst individual to even come close to a mic ?
OH YEAH !
Does this man deserve absolutely money from us whatsoever ?
OH YEAH !
OH YEAH ! Do i wanna kick his a** ?
OH YEAH !
Does he deserve to be stripped of his riches live his life as a janitor ?
OH YEAH !
Does he deserve to be spit on ?
OH YEAH !
Nuff Said ...
0 Stars
I have my own personal message towards Cash Money .
This is a part of Awoolcott 's " I Can't What People About This ! " Write-Off. .
Here is a shoutout to the other participants .
Sorry for being a Day Early Bro... but i be online tommorow ...
Styles of Beyond is taking the of west coast rap hip hop in general giving it a 180 degree whirl .
With ample skills from both emcees backed by some of the most prolific dj 's producers of the underground , their unique take on hip hop is one to pay attention to .
While the duo does n't undertake anything as pretentious as rapping off then back on beat creating an unlisteneable , extremely busy production backing like that of the Def Jux label ( sorry ethompson3 , ) the sparse RZA like beats futuristic lyrical subject matter creates images of flying cars lunar colonization .
Formed in 1995 at a community college in L.A. where the duo met each other during break , the two formed an instant bond respect for each others skills .
Using techno-like , futuristic soundscapes skilled turntablism , the duo sounded like Jedi Mind Tricks on LSD.
Favorite Tracks
2. Styles of Beyond performed by Styles of Beyond / DJ Rhettmatic - 4:50
3. Hollograms performed by Styles of Beyond / Space Boy Boogie X - 3:49
5 . Spies Like Us performed by Styles of Beyond / Emcee 007 - 3:38
6 . Winnetka Exit - 4:13
10 . Survival Tactics - 3:38
Worst Tracks
There are a couple filler tracks , but even those are entertaining in of themselves .
The Intro is a live track displaying Styles Of Beyond their collection of scratch tracks .
Nice intro , but ultimately it gets skipped .
The album gets kick started with the title track , Styles of Beyond Style Warz .
The production is heavily infuenced by RZA with a repetitive , wobbly bass line some piano keys looped over over .
However , this is an extremely entertaining track , aided by incredible turntablism vocal echo samples .
Lyrical imagery is what these two do best , this track fully emphasizes this concept .
Great track , but better ones up ahead !
With an eerie , piano loop liquid dripping along with an incredible , drum bass like bass-line , Hollograms remains my favorite track on the entire album .
Sampling Pharoahe Monch between verses , the duo continue with more futuristic imagery the two emcees display their lyrical dominance of the mic .
To me , the lyrics are like Canibus ' scientific braggadocio aspects but with a blend of imagined millenial forecasting ( that makes any sense . )
Example :
Occupants in my space , bring it on , try to harm me
Terminology rips , like full clips through {bullsh*t}
Funk flips off the tongue , Ryu 's on some pool {sh*t}
Bellyflops whatnot , low audio sonar
Tractor beams pullin all dreams into the polar
Symetic solar systematically scramble thoughts
like eggs on Sunday morning , OJ acid drops
Randomly rippin spots , spittin dope like freebasin'
Now thats what I call imagination ...
Dangerous Minds continues the insane trend of perfection .
With a heavy breathing of a dying creature in the background as well as an eerie flute loop a la Apocalypse Now , the track is set up for some apocalyptic , futuristic lyrics .
Actin like a G , but your name ai n't Julio
Messin with my Dangerous Mind like you was Coolio
Michelle Pfeiffer , I keep it hyper like a sniper
Buckin in plain view , my fangs bare like a viper
; )
Spies Like Us is an extremely entertaining concept .
Essentially , the two plot the spying on hip hop , eventually setting their goal as capturing taking it over .
The track production is as immediately engaging as previous tracks , but the genius is still there , with incredible wood flutes looping during the choruses .
WIth a sparse beat composed of repeating guitars a vocal sample , the track is minimalist in that RZA kind of way .
A symphonic sample is also included , engaging the listener ever more into the Styles of Beyond world .
The two emcee 's rep where they are from ; the Valley in Los Angeles .
However , the lyrics are n't as incredible as the earlier tracks because of their more straight forward approach .
Some like it , others , including me , do like it as much .
After these 5 excellent tracks , the album starts dragging a bit .
Muuvon engages the listener in a "head nodding " way , although the lyrics are second nature to the beat , which is a mish mash of speedy bass-heavy track-work .
After listening to it for a while , the listener gets sort of a headache .
This is one of the few track that the listener skip .
Besides the decent , loopy production , Easy Back It Up is more lyrical filler about women live shows .
Nothing misogynistic , but yet , just as dissatisfying .
However , Survival Tactics more than picks up the slack with an excellent track , both lyrically production wise .
With a surfer guitar strumming marracas wood block in the background , the track just screams " creativity . "
The lyrics are on point , using futuristic war storytelling as a metaphor for their live shows .
Gollaxwelcome takes the space/galaxy concept even further .
While a little bit loony , the production incorporates another futuristic Wu-Tang like loop some cowbell along with a stuttered bass-line .
Killer Instinct , their first single , as well as Marco Polo end the album on a positive note , with great production as usual lyrics that are on point .
Hurray for another great album !
Once upon a time there was a rapper named Nas .
He crafted a sheer hip-hop classic , one of the best albums of all time , called Illmatic in 1994 .
The album did n't succeed in sales , but dropped the jaws of hip-hop heads nationwide , as they Nas the savior one of the best ever .
In 1996 , he followed it up with It Was Written , a more mafiosio album , less riddled with Street Poetry .
Both of these emcees , along with Nas himself Foxy go on to form The Firm , a hip-hop super-group .
However , weeks after its inception , Cormega found himself kicked out the group replaced with the slightly weaker rapper Nature .
Cormega had choice but to go out on his own .
After a plethora of label problems , he felt it was hopeless , until 2001 when he released The Realness , in my opinion , a modern new-classic album .
Nas were still his friend , it make him extremely proud ...
Track List and Rating
1 . Dramatic Entrance ( 4 Stars )
3. Thun and Kicko f/ Prodigy ( 5 Stars )
4 . The Saga ( 5 Stars )
5 . R U My N*gga ?
( 5 Stars )
6 . Unforgiven ( 5 Stars )
7. Fallen Soldiers ( 5 Stars )
9 . Rap 's A Hustle ( 4 Stars )
10 . Get Out My Way ( 5 Stars )
You Do n't Want It ( 5 Stars )
12 . 5 For 40 ( 4 Stars )
13 .
They Forced My Hand ( 5 Stars )
14 . Fallen Soldiers ( Remix ) ( 5 Stars )
*/SYM BONUS : Killaz Theme f/ Mobb Deep ( 5 Stars )
" Dramatic Entrance " is a great opening track , but only food for " American Beauty" , the first real classic from The Realness .
Taking the age-old extended metaphor formula , started by Common on " I Used to Love H.E.R." .
Cormega uses his extended metaphoric skills to compare hip-hop music to a female .
His lyrics are some of the best of his career , as well as his delivery , as he shows some amazing vocabulary , a great flow .
The beat , is a soft , synthesized guitar sound , with claps bass stringed together perfectly .
Prodigy Cormega paint themselves like Mobb Deep have constantly on their classics , as street demons prophets , as well as graphic storytellers narratives .
The beat , though saddening melancholy , is beautifully put together , with a gripping , almost-mafiosio-styled cello snare , with a background whistle , some perfectly synthesized bass .
This beat be perfect for a mafia movie , but the lyrics are a bit far-fetched from that .
Cormega goes way back to his childhood , moving up into his teen years , questioning the true factors of loyalty honor in life .
The perfect beat amazing lyrics , mixed together with unique creative subject matter fuel this into being a Cormega Classic .
" Fallen Soldiers " is a touchy , very creative track where Cormega sort of prays at night time , talking to his very close friends who passed away due to the streets .
One interesting lyric pays homage to Killa Black Ill Will , whom Nas Mobb Deep constantly grieve .
Im guessing that the ties in Queensbridge are very strong .
The beat is melancholy deep , with a mixture of low-bass keyboard , some high synthesizer sounds .
This is an extremely honest track , he wastes a lyric on this entire track , which makes it another one of my personal favorites .
On this track , Cormega gives us a flashback of his childhood youth as we get retrospective storytelling about his childhood , which he loved , yet hated due to his involvement in the streets .
This track is perfect for a nice underground single , ' Mega 's lyrics are SO well-written , thoughtful , descriptive , than i actually visualize everything he was talking about , you KNOW a song makes you do that , its a classic .
" Rap 's a Huscle " is strikingly similar , only on this track , Cormega fast-forwards to more recent events , as Cormega uses his extended metaphor skills once again , comparing hip-hop to huscling pimping on the streets .
Of course , as you guess , Cormega lays down some verbal attacks towards his enemies on The Realness , namely his former teacher Nasir Jones , aka Nas .
On " Get out of my Way " " You Do n't Want it " , Cormega attacks Nas with his lyrics .
The beat features an amazing assortment of classical elements , like violins , trumpets , hard bass drums , giving it an epic .
The second track is much more straight-forward as we actually hear the N-A-S being called out .
Firstly , the track 's beat is a sombre , saddening piano beat , with a light , old school drum / snare .
Secondly , Cormega annihilates Nas lyrically .
The complex , multi-syllabalistic , vocabulary , amazing punchlines threats .
Cormega gets intelligent , as he makes some very good points about Nas ' career the fact that it is loaded with hypocrisy .
" 5 for 40 " is an accapella freestyle , very well spat deserving of 4 stars .
" They Forced My Hand " closes out The Realness ( besides the remix ) .
Ironically , this is my favorite song on the entire album .
The beat is epic loud , with some haunting beautiful RandB background vocals , a beautiful piano loop , violins , hard bass , drums .
Cormega solidifies his spot as one of the illest poets emcees in history , giving us an introspective view of the streets , its darkness , but begs for , thinks it happen .
doubt , beautiful .
This is a hauntingly evil , yet perfect way to end The Realness .
The Realness be the best album of 2001 , in fact , it is , one of the greatest of all time .
Is it the modern day Illmatic ?
Yes , Will it make me dance ?
F*ck ; Will it make me ?
F*ck Yes ; Are the beats good ?
Yes ; i buy it ?
5 Stars
What a very surprising let down .
The very poor beat mixing sloppy freestyling has me at a .
With an exeption of one maybe two songs , this CD is worth a second look .
Many people who listen to hip-hop , even underground hip-hop , have absolutely clue who the Demigodz are .
The Demigodz have been hailed as the new comical version of the Wu-Tang Clan .
Its pretty interesting that they compose an entire label with just these emcees .
Each emcee has his own personality style , but they honestly are all ill emcees who have competed won a variety of battle competitions .
The Demigodz are : the humorous Apathy , who has been hailed as the new Eminem , Celph Titled , Open Mic , Louis Logic , complex intelligent emcee Esoteric , Rise , El-Fudge , Spin 4th , One-Two , Motive .
The DJs are 7L , Chum the Skrilla Guerilla , Franky Needles .
These 13 individuals make up the Demigodz .
In 2002 , they released an underground EP entitled The Godz Be Crazy , which is just a taste of what is in store from these emcees .
1 . Intro ( RATED )
2. Science of the Bumrush ( 5 Stars )
4 . The Demigodz ( 5 Stars )
5 . Off the Chrome ( 4 1/2 Stars )
6 . Do n't you even go there ( 5 Stars )
7. The Godz be Crazy ( 5 Stars )
" Intro " is HILARIOUS from the start puts a smile to my face .
Apathy does his best Snoop Dogg impression , introducing the Demigodz in the same way that Dr. Dre 's album began , with pure trash talk .
Apathy claims that now its beyond battling , now they go to shows fight people , in which he is claiming of the incident in New York a few months before where the Celph Titled went on stage during underground rapper Cage 's performance , got into a fist-fight with him because he refused to battle , which is all apart of the beef between the Eastern Conference All-Stars the Demigodz ... LONG STORY. . but now lets get to the album ...
" Science of the Bumrush " kicks off the album .
Apathy starts the song by hitting us with tight humorous storytelling lyricism similar to the way Eminem used to do , with very tight battle raps stories .
Its amazing how well these guys write lyrics , its shown on this track .
Its funny , well-written , very lyrical , with multi-syllable flows multi-bar rhyme schemes .
These guys are on their way to being legends they keep this up .
The beat is also tight , featuring a hard assortment of trumpets horns , some low bass .
The Demigodz continue with " Captivate Deactivate" .
Esoteric , Celph Titled , Open Mic , Apathy give us another underground classic .
All of these emcees drop awesome verses over some melancholy production , with synthesized drums , fast violin .
Celph lays a clever diss to Eve , calling her a crack-wh*re .
Apathy lays down a tight verse against commercial rap , giving us some VERY VERY Clever rhymes : " y 'all ai n't basement , y 'all are locked in the cellar / Ain't sayin sh*t like a Helen Keller acapella / we originated " Root Beers " for ya frigid air / So emcees had to get day-jobs with Medicare " Awesome ...
Apathy Celph Titled trade verses on " The Demigodz" , showcasing one of the most memorable punchlines ever : " Rappers are gettin wrecked due to of respect / Cuz y 'all n't get signed you was the back of a check" .
Both emcees drop humorous battle raps similar to how Eminem do .
The chorus is funny memorable , dissing other emcees , laying down some disses towards Eastern Conference All-Stars .
Celph Titled comes off with some funny-a** sh*t on this track : I am the feature presentation , your rhymes are just a segment / A b*tch just look at me , get herself pregnant / I make bustin a gat look good cuz I hold it well / In second grade I brought a live grenade to class for show-and-tell "
Louis Logic , Apathy , Celph Titled come together on " Off the Chrome" .
Same as before , hilarious battle rhymes , aimed at the Eastern Conference All-Stars .
This is a nice concept track , driven by amazing punchlines .
The same three emcees return on the head-bobbing " Dont you even go there " .
The track features humorous punchlines over some funky productions .
The Godz be Crazy EP ends with the title track where every member of the Demigodz to drop verses .
catchy choruses , special hooks , just pure lyricism .
During the track , the beat is altered every once a while a tiny bit , to make it sound fresh repetitive , which is a great by the Demigodz .
These are some amazing , punchline driven battle raps which explains why these guys are so good as battling .
In my personal opinion , Louis Logic , Apathy , Motive , Rise drop the illest rhymes ... check out this sample from Louis ' verse :
I 'm a Demigod , what 'd you ?
From a man
who met Mother Nature , looked under her dress was n't impressed
The same stupid son of a b*tch who does n't respect
The Angel of Death 's request when he comes to collect
Run in check , my cassette - it 's a slight chance
you see , demons escapin from in the deck , now that I...
" Sweet Jesus , please see us through this
But when I increase the rudeness of my evil music
It leaves the stupid , people skewered leaks ya fluids
shoot a big hole down to Hell lead me to it
WOW !
The Demigodz win the award for Best New Hip-Hop Group with this EP.
The Godz be Crazy EP is one of those albums that be owned by collectors hard underground hip-hop heads .
You will be rewinding the album more than once to hear those hilarious punchlines that they drop .
When it comes to subject matter , they dont deviate from battle raps , which is sad , but good since its what they do best of course , this is just the EP , the introduction of the Demigodz .
This is more than deserving of 5 stars , but im going to give it 4 because of its shortness .
But i highly reccomend buying this youre in the mood to laugh got some extra money lying around , cause they are right , " The Gods be crazy .. . "
He gained about 3 inches , got a Jheri curl , got some tattoo 's dropped the Lil off of his name .
He 's a big boy now his voice is starting to crack .
" Hip-Hop 's Top-Tot " as RollingStone proclaims is now back to release his third album .
Now that he is all grown up he is writing his own rhymes .
Maybe this is a positive considering JD was writing his previous stuff , but than again it be worst .
Lil Bow Wow 's first albums were purely commercial , with catchy hooks forgettable elementary lyrics .
Now however is high school time he needs to step it up , become an afterthought .
Sure everyone loves a little kid rappin because it is just " so cute" .
Well with furthur adue lets check out Unleashed
1 . Get it Poppin' - $ /$ - We get some dog barking then Swizz comes on the track making noise in the background on the chorus .
Lil Bow Wow change his name to Pretty Boy Wow , team up the P.B.T. aka Pretty Boy Thug...Then again P.B.T. lyrically outshine him on every track .
The beat that Swizz Beat drop is n't bad , but its ruined by Lil Bow Wow .
2. Let 's Get Down(feat .
Baby ) - 0 - Terrible song ...
Turn on MTV , BET the radio you wanna hear this mess .
Baby be expelled from the rap game .
He suffers from the disease of wackneitis , which is contageous , he 's touched Bow Wow .
Even worst the chick on the chorus does n't even sound sexy , which what she 's trying to do ... What a mess ...Check out more on this song here
" I know a girl named Kiesha/
She 's groupie/
Like Ooh Wee/
Tellin all her friends in the Benz , he do n't really look 16 do heeee/ "
Tragic... I sorry for the beat , even though it 's terrible .
3. Eighteen - $ $ - He is talking to all the "young n 's " out here ...Anyway he raps about when he talks eighteen .
He wants a girl friend , some cars everything ...He then says " It 's Weezy-Baby" ...Im thinkin my n !gga Lil Wayne gonna jump up rip the track , nope Bow Wow calls himself that .
Last year when I turned Eighteen i had these wishes too , but I know I write a better song than this .
He then gives us some terrible news stating he 's " Unfadable" , so we will be bombarded with garbage from him for a long time .
4 . Follow Me - 0 - Another commercial beat .
After listening to this track I do n't respect Bow Wow as an artist anymore , therefore he is still LIL Bow Wow to me .
You be cocky .
Its a you rock two chains , clothes over sized of course you gotta have the sickenin rims ... I will add on another one for the youngster wanting to be like Lil Bow Wow...You absolutely write wack rhymes .
5 . My Baby(feat .
Jagged Edge ) - $ $ $ - This beat is pretty tight for the type of song this is Lil Bow Wow jumps on the track with lyrical feces .
Well it really is n't that bad , but it like Lil Bow Wow is kind of trying to be like Jay-Z here .
From the uh-huh-uh-huh 's that Jay-Z does to his overall flow .
This song is about Lil Bow Wow a girl from the time he met her lost her wants her back .
At the end of the song we get a freestyle from Lil Bow Wow .
Then a voice states " Thats what I 'm talkin bout , thats old school" , which is just blatant disrespect to any old school rapper .
6 .
The Don , The Dutch - $ $ 1/2 - The Neptunes drop this club banger .
This beat is tight for the clubs .
Lil Bow Wow spits some aight lyrics on this track .
He spits braggadocio on the first verse , then he goes on to spit some cocky rhymes of him women .
He talks of a chick at one of his shows .
The chorus is track , but the chick singing does a nice job .
7. The Movement - $ $ $ $ $ - Hold Up ! ! ! Do I hear a hint of introspection from Lil Bow Wow...Check that I respect him now .
Bow Wow raps about being a young black child in the ghetto .
He talks about how the ghetto has a terrible rap , but stuff happens due to cultural bias .
He talks about how the world is placed on his/our generation .
He tells about the wars .
He says that the generation is in the crossfire .
" I'll be banned/But I gotta take a stand/
Cause you see what happen when Eminem make ya stand/
He just buff , be cautious /
See we all targets /
My thoughts are sporadic/
I so asthmatic/
Outta breath , Sic it UP( ? ) /
I know its more to me than my hip-hop eyes see/
That 's what the homies said to me "
8. I Can't Lose - $ $ $ - This beat is commercial as hell , but its still pretty tight .
Bow Wow spits some braggadocio stating that all the garbage in the rap game is gonna end .
He does throw in his raps about girls loving him , but form the most part it is n't commercial bullsh !t .
He shouts out Jay-Z , Ja , Nelly , Nas , Eminem and Jadakiss , but he says he is holding it down for the kids .
He throws out a challege to all the young rappers stating " Rapper in my age bracket , is makin it happen , the way that I made it happen " .
9 . Hey Lil Mamma(feat .
Jagged Edge ) - $ /$ - See My Baby ...But a bit worst , he raps to a girl , sayin he wants to come over a watch a movie ...sure .
10 .
I Got Y'all - 0 - This song features Bow Wow rappin to the females again .
Another wack track full of Bow Wow claiming he is the best cat in the world telling the girls that other boys are close to his status ...
Back to Lil Bow Wow .
11 . I 'll Move On(feat .
After that however , Lil Bow Wow goes back to the commercial garbage that we are accustomed to .
Amerie ) - $ $ $ 1/2 - Lil Bow Wow drops a nice heartfelt song about his mom .
That My Mama , My Roaddogg stuff is crazy annoying however .
13 . Im Back( Hidden Bonus Track ) - $ $ - This song has a west coast type of sound to it .
quite G-Funk but tight nonetheless .
Lil Bow Wow raps some purely commercial lyrics here .
He raps about his fans the sitcoms he on .
He raps to the girl he talks about his ride .
" Had to retire my Mickey Mouse , had gotten to old /
Peach Fuzz on my lip , homeboy , I 'm grown "
Come on duke , just look at the album cover...You still look like a lil boy , put that Mickey Mouse chain back on !
Ok Now I know this album is for the little girlies so Bow Wow come over get som pus ...umm , watch some movies .
The Movement is the best song on this album by far it is the only reason to have this .
in some odd way Bow Wow comtinues to rap like he does on The Movement , he be able to put out a tight album .
I mean rapping about the young girls is gonna get old unless he wants to take the approach of R.Ke ...Nope I wont say that , because I like Kels .
I only recommend this to 16 year old girls who want to heard Bow Wow rap over over again , because they they have a chance at landing a date with him .
Since Lil Bow Wow rhyme , let me give it a shot .
Leash him back up , put the muzzle on his mouth/
Because this young boy belongs in the dog house
How was that y 'all ?
1.The Movement
Amerie )
3.I Can't Lose
Like This ?
Well You 'll love this garbage :
Lil J- Back to J
Cam has been around for a little while now , has come from Sports , Drugs , Entertainment to Confessions , now to his greatest solo album so far , COME HOME WITH ME.
Cam' Ron the Diplomats being the new act on the juggernaut record company Roc-A-Fella records , has been the biggest signing in the east since the Yankees signed Jeter .
This new Cam' Ron shocks the world , person in their right mind have it to be a hit .
One thing that sets Cam apart is his hooks chorus ' .
This is an album that won't disappoint you were to purchase .
Cam 혩Ron makes you respect his different style because he is filling a void in the industry .
Most people don't respect his uniqueness in the industry his style of rapping doing things .
This is a album that is out of the norm , it leaves you with your mouth open , Cam is doing it big .
Here Are A Few Reviews of Songs :
1 ) INTRO - Even the intro is good .
He starts off with legendary DJ Kay Slay , then goes into ripping the beat apart , from the intro you tell he is coming with something hot on this CD.
Song Rating : 4 Microphones
2 ) LOSING WEIGHT PART 2- Cam the rest of the diplomats tears up this song , they discuss how they lose weight , as in drug weight , the lyrics are the hot on the track , it is what I to be the grimiest beat on the album , they kept the lyrics Grimy too .
Song Rating : 4 Microphones
Everybody knows this street anthem , Cam even made a actual cologne named " Oh Boy . " Oh boy is a song where the hook actually made the song .
Well , you tell , the lyrics aren't to strong , more time have been put in they have done 10 times better .
4 ) LIVE MY LIFE ( LEAVE ME ALONE) - This is the most gansta beat of all time coming from one of the greatest , 2pac , from his " Ambition as a Rider " hit .
Song Rating : 4 1/2 Microphones
5 ) DAYDREAMING - This is an awful thug love song .
He comes nowhere close to Jigga 's " Song Cry . "
It has entirely too much singing only a couple short verses , it definitely has playtime in my player .
Song Rating : 1 1/2 Microphones
It is a song that will knock you off your feet , but the lyrics was n't all that bad because they all had a couple of good punch lines , so it is all that bad , but the beat is annoying .
Song Rating : 3 Microphones
7 ) WELCOME TO NEW YORK CITY- Now Cam is getting the meat of the album , JAY-Z , good move by Cam to get label mate legendary rapper Jay-Z on the track .
They are discussing their stomping grounds I love it .
It is definitely the best song on the album , what I have been the first single , but Cam came hard with the lyrics , Jay-z always does so in my estimation , this is a hit .
Song Rating : 5 Microphones
The beat is crazy it fits perfectly with the mood of the song as a whole .
The song has a good hook but the lyrics were a little too basic nursery rymish .
9 ) ON FIRE TONIGHT- Well , now we see a little bit of the Dip Set's hype man , Freaky Zekey in Action , the skit before the song where he talks about a female "burning " him ( for you all who don't know what burning is , it is women having a STD , a man having intercourse with her a condom on ) he makes it funny to get burnt .
Cam goes in talks about that touchy situation .
It's Funny !
Song Rating : 4 Microphones
10 ) STOP CALLING - This a song that I to be even funnier .
This is a song that starts off with a man callin Cam to ask him di he f*** his girl , Cam plays with him asks him who's your girl , then Cam starts rapping on the situation all that he his crew did to her , for example :
Your wife , I call her " Oh girl" her head makes my toes curl
she awfully thick , help me get off these bricks
Coffee kick , but after I bust , I be like " Get the f**k off me b***h "
she front , bruise her in the ribs
Hit by cupid , stupid , why 'd you do it ?
Why be bother ?
Why you holla ?
Get wise kid , open your eyelids , cause that last abortion ?
That was my kid , that 's right , but that I ai n't followin'
she get pregnant again , it 'd be from swallowin'
I be drivin' it , head while I 'm drivin it
Said you like to lay up dog , play footies
But she need a ni**a with timbs , gats straight hoodies
That's only the first verse of the song .
I that this is the best song lyrically on the album because of the crazy play with words .
Song Rating :5 Microphones
Reasons to buy :
1 . Originality
2. Personality of Cam
Remix albums are usually pointless exercises by a record company to bleed loads of money out of unsuspecting fans into pockets of artists-and moreso , the labels themselves .
Since the remix album exploded in 1989-90 with the likes of Bobby Brown , Paula Abdul the New Kids , there have n't been many remix albums that are average , at best .
This is basically a souped-up greatest hits album .
While some of his hits enjoy a slight adjustment in beat , of these songs is extraordinarily different than te original version , which is a good a bad thing .
you 're like me the man has a couple of hot singles , it 's an OK buy because it means you do n't have to buy of his middling-to-weak albums .
I 'll be the first to admit I 'm a Nelly hater , but he grew on me very slowly .
I respect the dude because he has his own style , he 's afraid to admit that he 's the greatest MC in the world , but he has his own little niche .
Of course , his success far outweights his artistry , but how many artists we say that of ?
hey , the dude wants to make you dance , he 's relatively inoffensive , he does n't traffic into the super-violent and misogynist cliches that most other popular MC 's fall into .
Some of the remixes leave very little unchanged from the original version .
" Country Grammar" , Nelly 's breakout hit , is exactly the same as the original version with one minor alteration in the chorus as well as a verse from E-40 , the hip-hop king of "what the f*** is that dude saying ? " .
" Dilemma " " Work It " add slightly harder beats ( courtesy of Jermaine Dupri Scott Storch ) respectively .
JD brings up Nelly 's vocal , which is almost buried into the mix on " Dilemma 's " studio version , while Nelly alters his flow on " Work It" , which was originally a pretty decent party anthem but now is only interesting because of Justin Timberlake 's best Michael Jackson impression to date .
" E.I. " is remixed by crunk king David Banner , Banner 's rock-etched production is the standout on a couple of tracks here .
He takes it back to the old-school Rick Rubin Casio-drumbeat loud guitar days on this one , despite its ' somewhat sexist refrain of "is that yo ' a** cuz it ai n't yo face " plastered throughout the song .
For whatever reason , it twice on this set .
The album 's two best songs are the most chilled-out tracks here , giving Nelly more of an RandB than a hip-hop vibe .
" Pimp Juice " coasts along on a jazz-kissed soul background with some sultry sax a guest vocal by the legendary Ron Isley .
" Groovin' Tonight " is all about Brian McKnight 's great guest vocal .
However , that 's about it for the good stuff here .
Originally produced by The "tunes also , this remix is helmed by Nelly 's in-house production team , does n't really change the song a whole lot .
How many hip-hop albums do you know that feature a shout out to my " n*gga John Mayer " ?
This reconstruction liberally lifts from mayer 's breakout hit " Such Thing" , while it 's weird to hear Nelly twisting the melody of Mayer 's hit , some experiments are best left untried .
This album also loses cool points for the annoying-*ss interview skits that throughout the album .
of Nelly 's two studio albums is exactly a classic , so I actually recommend this album to folks who want the hit singles wanting to spring for " Country Grammar " "nellyville " .
These songs are n't so radically changed that you 'll miss the original versions-well , most of 'em anyway .
Buy this only you own nothing else by Nelly want his hit singles .
Rating : 2 1/2 stars .
Key tracks : " Pimp Juice " f/Ron Isley , " Groovin' Tonight " f/St .
DaBrat is a girl/lady/whatever - so why does n't she act like it ?
With her brazen , rough tones word choice , she does n't sound very ladylike to me .
that she tries to act like a lady ...Just as most other female rappers ( Missy Elliott , Eve , Amil ) , she does n't to have much originality .
Most all of the 17 tracks sound the same .
In general , rap has lost so much of its meaning .
It used to be purely lyrical genious , but nowadays , with the progression of rap merging into some pop/rock , it has totally changed .
You now hear tunes from DMX being played on pop radio stations .
You hear ODB on pop stations .
Is there anything wrong with a pop station playing it ?
Nope .
But it affects the production composition of rap songs .
The stereotype of rap used to be that hard-core gangsta rap stuff that almost caucasian people wanted to listen to .
As the years pass , it changes , more more white people like rap .
Why ?
It has altered some of its style sound to accomodate others .
Also , lyrical genious in rap nowadays tends to go along the lines of " f*ck you " " suck my   . "
What 's happened to the awesome rhymes , well , less profane side of rap ? Society has made this every-other-word-is-f*ck music into the norm .
Rarely will you listen to a rap song the colorful language in it .
Back to DABRAT...
only do they recycle all the same words , the lyrics have deep meaning .
Unlike many other rap artists , she to just be rapping for the heck of it .
DaBrat also has a voice similar to Britney 's - strained , throaty , squeaky .
It is very painful to listen to , at times , her redundancy does get on my nerves .
Track 1 - Intro
However , I 'll give her a few brownie points because of the excellent rap skills showed here .
She rap so fast clear - a great feat of skill .
The tune is very boring , but it suffices .
Here there you pick up some lyrics , but it 's hard to because of the speed they rap .
Track 2 - We Ready
I said I was ready !
: ) Again , the tune is n't great .
In fact , it 's horrible .
This music does n't fit the lyrics the voice .
Too soft music for too harsh a voice .
Ther are 3 notes in the tune , that 's it .
much to look forward to , you ask me .
It 's a bit slow for dancing , but it 's something you grind to , .
Track 3 - What You Like featuring Tyrese .
This is the EXACT same tune as Montell Jordan - Get it On Tonight .
Why ?
I dunno .
But the lyrics do n't fit .
Also , she altered the tune so that half the accompaniment sounds are .
She Tyrese do a bad job handling the lyrics the presentation of the lyrics .
Their voices clash so badly - she has a high , throaty , forced voice .
Tyrese has a Montell-type voice - smooth , flowing , euphonious .
The lyrics are , again , worthless .
There 's point in singing this - it tells basically the same type of story the rest of the songs do - , story is n't the word to describe it .
Track 4 - At the Club
This is n't even a song - it 's like a skit .
It 's also 37 seconds long .
This has point - it talks about DaBrat "blowing things out of proportion " getting mad at this guy .
They basically quibble over her tendency to be incited into anger let her temper take over .
Track 5 - F*ck You
The tune sounds like some Jamaican tin drum tune .
The beat is n't that great - similar to the other songs .
The bass line does n't sound complete - more like little fragments pieced together .
The lyrics are a bit harsh - that her others are n't .
This is good for dancing .
Track 6 - Back Up
A song featuring Ja Rule - I hate him too !
It 's basically the same note in the background being repeated over over again .
JaRule says "baby " every once in a while .
DaBrat 's voice still sticks out a little compared to the mellower tones of the xylophone-type instrument used in the background tune .
Then , the chorus has this nasal sound that makes it altogether painful to hear .
Another song that is n't decent for dancing .
A song with Mystikal , this is horrible .
The background has trumpet tunes that sound like somehing you 'd here on Hawaii Matlock .
One of the old shows .
However , with the modern-type sound of her voice lyrics , the song sounds a little strange .
All in all , the lyrics are n't great , because it basically has the same theme as all the other songs - NONE.
Track 8 - Runnin Out of Time
This time , DaBrat has paired up with Kelly Price .
Kelly has a nice voice , a little like Toni Braxton crossed with Whitney Houston .
DaBrat sounds virtually the exact opposite .
This is that great for the song because it takes attention from areas of the song that want attention , directs the attention to the voice .
Rather than focus on appreciating the song , DaBrat to have decided to write crapppy lyrics again , coupled with a shallow "melody . "
Track 9 - That 's What I 'm Lookin For
there is one , this is the prime of the CD.
This song , although quite characteristic of this crapppy DaBrat style , has a decent tune , it is great for dancing/whatever .
It has a good , steady beat that is fit for moving around .
I that the voice tune lyrics come together very well , as opposed to all the other songs on this CD.
It does n't clash at all - a good sign .
The cuss words are still rampant , the rhymes a bit weak , but overall , the lyrics are a little better than in other songs .
Track 10 - Breeve on Em featuring 22
This sounds like a cross between Eminem - " My Name is " Puff DAddy - " It 's all about the Benjamins . "
The voice music do blend , somewhat , but I the song just is n't what it be .
Take 22 out , change some lyrics , maybe you salvage this one .
Track 11 - What 's On Your Mind
Nothing is on her mind .
That 's why this song is absolutely horrifying , I am too predictable , so you what I 'll tell you .
Track 12 - Leave Me Alone
another skit !
It 's 15 seconds long this time .
Track 13 - High Come Down
Another 80's-sounding song .
Sheesh , this is getting boring .
This is goodfor dancing because it 's too slow - too fastr for grinding !
haha .
The chorus does n't fit because the person singing it has a smooth , mellow voice , but the lyrics are so coarse you 'd DaBrat sing them herself .
The only thing is - she ca n't sing .
Track 14 - All My B*tches
All my b say that THIS SONG STINKS.
She basically yells through the beginning .
Then , she has about 3 other people helping her .
The beat is good , the rapping is good ( speed , skill ... ) .
The lyrics have real point to them .
This is ok for dancing .
Track 15 - Pink Limonade
The tune is barely there - another one of those 2-note melodies .
This has a dull sound , but then when you hear DaBrat 's voice , it makes you want to cringe .
Track 16 - Bishop Don Juan
Another phone call - totally worthless .
" Bishop Don Juan " is a pimp .
Track 17 - Chi Town
This song is absolutely terrible .
It sounds like what you 'd get you crossed Michael Jackson with Eve .
The tune sounds so retrospective - 80 's early 90 's - the lyrics are so " today " that it sounds ridiculous .
only that , as you see , all her songs do n't have much of a theme point to them .
They do n't to be well out .
This song talks about Chicago " Chi Town , " the city " with the best skylines " where DaBrat grew up , etc . etc . etc .
We did n't really ask to hear her life story .
only does this song have point , it 's so worthless that all it basically talks about Chicago 's people doing drugs , bad things about the city , how she fits in with the people , encourages the drug use there .
Whoop-dee-doo .
Final - this is a waste of 14.99 at a record store .
You know it when you hear it .
Your head starts bobbing .
it does n't even matter the lyrics are wack ; the beat has you hypnotized .
From Justin Timberlake to Nelly , Ludacris to Britney Spears , to everything else on your FM dial : you know a Neptunes track when you hear one .
The Neptunes are by far the hottest producers in hip hop , putting their stamp on the industry by making hot joints for nearly every major artist out right now .
From every corner of pop hip pop , the music industry 's envelope has been pushed by the forward thinking of super producers Pharrell Williams Chad Hugo .
With their recent release , " The Neptunes Present : Clones , " the Neptunes showcase up-and-coming artists from their Star Trak label while getting help from some of the hottest names in hip hop , making for a killer compilation of fresh beats featuring the Neptunes ' signature sound .
Busta spits verse after verse about seriously lighting a girl 's backside aflame over a hypnotic dance beat .
With a catchy chorus , N.O.R.E.
Pharrell himself on a number of tracks , including his own single , " Frontin " featuring Jay-Z.
But the album is less focused on Pharrell anyone else 's vocals ; the beats outshine most of the verbal performances on " Clones , " with a few exceptions .
Ludacris spits fluidly on " It Was n't Us , " a track featuring a broken hip hop beat reminicent of his early Neptunes-blessed track , " Southern Hospitality . "
The song is only a standout in terms of the Neptunes ' contribution ; it is also one of the few on the album that have lyrics solid enough to accompany the amazing beat .
Nas also comes through on " Popular Thug , " with his vocals perfectly balancing those of his bride-to-be , Kelis .
The lovebirds provide a notable chemistry on another song with lyrical matching to an above-average beat .
Snoop Dogg also spits a classic ode to chronic over a smooth bell-laced beat on " It Blows My Mind . "
Other noteworthy performances include two cuts by The Clipse on " Blaze of Glory " " Hot Damn , " an odd track by Dirt McGirt ( formerly Old Dirty Bastard of Wu Tang Clan ) .
New Star Trak artists Rosco P. Coldchain ( to be confused with Young Roscoe ) Fam Lay also put down lyrics while of the cuts are skippers , they are n't as solid as those done by the veterans ( Snoop , Nas , Ludacris ) .
However , Vanessa Marquez drops impressive vocals on " Good Girl , " a cut with a great '80s early '90s .
Hip hop heads wish to bypass the diversity on " Clones , " via the three rock contributions found mid-album .
Also slightly out of place , the Neptunes themselves , in the form of their experimental genre-breaking group N*E*R*D , add an odd track , " Loser . "
The song will be featured on the Madden 2004 video game .
While the beats fall short , some of the lyricism does .
Nelly proves it 's hard to ruin a Neptunes beat on his effort " , " a song that borrows it 's chorus from a previous Nelly tune .
Similarly , Rosco P. Coldchain misses the mark on " Hot , " a song with a minimalist beat that allow an emcee to truly display his skills .
While The Clipse hold their own on the track , Rosco to impress .
" Clones " be ill were released as a pure instrumental album , but the performances of a few of the most seasoned veterans in the game add greatly to the overall appeal of the Neptunes ' skillful display of hit making .
With " Clones , " the Neptunes certainly secure their spot as one of the most influential progressive collective minds in music .
They provide a solid foundation of beats from start to finish on " Clones ; " the lyrics hold up to the track is another story .
One thing is for sure : as solid is as a Neptunes beat is , it 's difficult for any artist to ruin their genius , despite the content of the lyrics .
When it comes to a killer beat , the nNptunes got it on lock .
The special edition release also includes a DVD with videos " Frontin , " " Hot Damn " " Rock N Roll " interviews with the Neptunes .
Unfortunately , the disc wo n't work on my computer 's DVD player .
Coming out of the streets of New York city , through Chicago , as a former member of the Mental Giants crew , hot off the success of the lead single on the LP , " Hot Ya Hot" , Akbar has released his debut full length on Ill Boogie Records , the imprint of production/DJ guru M-Boogie .
Akbar means " the greatest " in Arabic , so right off , this kid had better have skills , because it 's obvious he has cockiness in spades .
In terms of vocal style , Ak sounds pretty generic , a lot like any of the hundreds of MC 's that have tried to ply their craft coming out of NY .
So does it work ?
Let 's check it out .
***
1)Hip Hop Is ...
As the title , a basic track giving a breakdown on what Akbar thinks hip hop is .
Some nice cuts provided by Fredones , the lyrics are on point too , with Ak using a laidback , Nas-like flow to give his thoughts on hip hop .
A great opener .
" Hip hop is
A style that 's wild
A ghetto child looking for a reason to smile
Hip hop is
The application of street knowledge
Some ill cuts intro the track here , as M-Boogie makes his first production appearance on the LP.
He provides a moderately paced beat with a funky bass line , some nice 70 's sounding organ synths , with scratches interspersed throughout the beat .
Ak decides to take on wack MC 's on this track , spitting some serious venom in their direction .
His voice be a bit generic , but he is REALLY good with his flow... I mean SERIOUSLY good .
Amazingly , as verbose as the track is , I it REALLY rock a party hard .
" When ya came in the party you saw the crowd
Shoulda read the sign ,
This jam is for the real rappin fans
The nod in your head , the hump in your back
With the uncontrollable urge to jump in the track
You know I 'm bout to come up with something phat
When I take control , ca n't nothing hold me back "
3)Bigga Dey Come
After some silence , a couple of bells enter the picture , the mood changes up quite a bit from the party vibe of the previous track .
This is on some more basic NY ish here , reminds me of something Mobb Deep maybe rock over .
Call me a sucker for analog .
The second verse focuses on a lot of the conspiracies in the world today ( ie .
drugs provided by the government ) .
A dope track that shows yet another side of Ak .
" How I hide from the genocide ?
Job provides ultimate route to get me out
Babylon fate doubt
While you hold your breath waiting on the year 2000
The government 's busy taking your public housing
Wages kept minimum , it 's new millenium
4) Take It There
A nice piano loop once again , highlighted by a dope horn sample at the end of it makes up the beat here .
After a few seconds a nice bassline comes in serves as perfect compliment to the samples .
The lyrics deal with Akbar 's formative years came about , as he narrates his early life , his multiple moves from NY to California to Chicago .
A nice touch is the use of some old school loops interspersed for added effect during the song .
Halfway through the song , some weirdish flute noises jump in too .
A very busy beat , but it works .
The lyrics as usual are top notch , Ak has served notice 4 tracks in , at least to me , that he 's a HUGE force to be reckoned with in the world of hip hop today .
" Took us west , straight through the country
To California , is the place to see
So daddy put us inside , his Cadillac
We hit the west coast , I we 'd come back
Now , I 'm walking on green grass
3 years went past
Palm trees , ocean breeze , where the summers last
See , that 's the life that I led
It taught me home is just the place where you lay your head "
5)5th Element
Some nice drums kick things off , with a jazzy piano line , some nice cuts in the background .
Pretty sparse after that , as Ak goes to a more minimal beat here , provided by DJ Revolution , of " Wake Up Show " fame .
Much like " Suckas Allowed " , this is basically another braggadacio track , with Akbar letting all know how dope he is .
Some nice one liners in there , as you 'd from a Revolution production some ill cuts , fades , scratches .
Sounds like it .
" The land was divided by oceans great seas
With rivers that ran like the Nile Euphrates
fish swam , birds flew through the sky
animals roamed the plain
they too multiplied
As each every living thing began to sing
Giving praise to the king for bringing life love peace harmony
Was manifest
Cuz the sun was set in the west "
Interesting , but DEFINITELY skippable to the max .
The liners say this was recorded from a radio show .
There are some nice dirty sounding hard hitting drums here , a decent enough bassline , but apart from a couple of horn samples interspersed , it 's kind of boring , well , average .
The lyrics are above average here again though , end up saving the track , as Ak once again goes the braggadacio route .
" I 'm a gangsta
I 'm something closer to a monster
Chi-Town , underground , Boogie Down , Bronxer
Remember when I stomped ya ?
With the rugged raw , I came , saw , conquered "
9) Hot Ya Hot(M-Boogie Remix )
Bliss .
there 's one word to describe this track , that be it .
DJ Revolution provides some disgustingly good scratches , M-Boogie laces this beat in his usual style( DJ Premier ) .
Ak once again comes correct on vocals , letting MC 's know that the only way they 'll succeed is they drop the hot ish .
Phase me daze me , nobody plays me
They all shot at me , they gotta be crazy !
They only grazed me , I had to be swayzee
My momma always told me to be lazy "
10)Mothaship
A crazy nice beat provided here by DJ Shame .
A beautiful vocal sample that sounds almost mournful laces the background , with some basic drums serving as the backdrop .
Very simple .
The subject matter ?
A UFO sighting some of Akbar 's thoughts on extraterrestrial life .
" I was smack dab in the middle of a wonderful dream
When I was suddenly awoken by a frightening scream
My first reaction was to grab my heat
Pull down the covers , threw back the sheets
Looked over to the window , sprang to my feet
Outside , I saw mad people on the street
In a state of shock
Somebody called the cops , to quiet the riot
But now they pulling out Glocks
Shutting down blocks , busting shots at the sky
It was a divine sign , encounter of the third kind "
11 ) Space Odyssey
A dreamlike sample runs this track , sounds pulled from something like Mary Poppins .
An inventive use of the sample , doubt .
In addition to the sample , some beautiful keys lace the beat as well .
Ak follows the lead of the beat here , dropping some vague Raekwon type stream of ish .
I he 's doing the "aliens " thing again , but I 'm too sure .
A dope track for the beat anyways .
12) Live Long
A weird weird weird beat supplied by Thes-One of People Under The Stairs here .
It 's very hard to describe , but I 'll try .
After a pretty normal beginning with some basic drums , this VERY weird loop enters play .
Regardless , it 's dope .
" Look to my external
Cuz what 's external will one day return to the inferno
But what 's internal is eternal
What 's in my journal does concern you
13 ) Hold On
Wow , what a beat provided by Parker Lee .
Best on the album bar .
This sounds like something straight from the Wu-Tang , with some deep bass , a 4/4 drum pattern , the cherry on top - a vocal loop of a woman singing "hold on " .
The end result is very eerie instrumental .
Incredible .
The lyrics are up to par as well , as Ak sends out a message to anyone who 's in need of spiritual emotional uplifting .
" It 's all the same in the hall of fame
I just wanna be ready when He calls my name
This material world is a ball chain
Live your life righteous it 's all in vein "
14)Dedication
As the title , Ak uses this track to remember all those that have passed on .
A suitably sadder track comprised of a haunting acoustic guitar , a slow bassline makes up the beat .
sad thoughts , you 'd get the mood of this track .
Incredible performance .
" To all my peoples who ai n't hear more
When we ca n't shed tears , we pour beer on the floor
ask God for the strength to face tomorrow
Half of y 'all wo n't remember my name
Try to take me out , but you douse this flame
I foresaw my funeral , only the real heads came "
15 ) Hot Ya Hot
The original to the remix found earlier on the LP , once again M-Boogie is on the boards .
Ill cuts again , the difference between the cuts is based almost purely on a different drum scheme .
It sounds close though .
I prefer the original though , which sounds like it 's flipped the sample used by Dilated Peoples on " Work the Angles " .
Ak as usual rips it .
Rev serves up another dope slab of a beat , with a horn backbone , some rattling noises .
The chorus features a cool little electro-tinged piano loop .
The overall effect is pretty downbeat , something I 've really heard from Rev as a producer .
Tons better than the original though .
***
A quick note - the last two tracks are exclusives to the CD , so all y 'all backwards cassette kids will miss out on them .
Looks like a diamond .
Cross your fingers that this gets it 's shine , because it 'd be a shame to see such talent get ignored .
An easy 4.5 , very close to a perfect score .
The Demigodz ; first of all , what exactly is a Demigod ?
According to Webster himself , he states that a Demigod is 혩a person who is partly divine' .
that is really the case , then this group of 10+ MCs be hiding their latent skills until the LP drops .
Unfortunately , these MCs are too obsessed with their little punchlines battling skills , therefore throwing away every other component that is integral in making a good complete album .
So , unless the producer of your group is named Stoupe , Primo , 4th Disciple , Rza , an EP full of battle verses is what be called skating on thin ice .
The producer of Demigodz Entertainment happens to be Apathy ( the guy who first on that Jedi Mind Tricks album ) , although his production is dogged elaborate , it 's nowhere near "Godlike" .
Celph Titled has the voice of a mean cartoon character land more than a few clever punchlines .
These two compliments each other on the first track "Science of the Bumrush" , flexes their tongue muscles by throwing up some heavy punchlines :
In fact the same fist that I hit you up with
Was found inside your b*tch's clitor*s after sucked my d*ck
You're just a g*y rapper , loving what them f*gs do
You ain't had pu*sy since pu*sy had you
Get outta line I'll draw you a chalk outline
I heard you did a track with Puff Daddy got outshined
Esoteric actually does a favor this time by showing up on "Captivate/Deactivate" .
The chopped up string samples are just insane , along with a colorful hook done by using samples from Big Pun to Raekwon .
I especially liked it when Apathy playfully provoked Esoteric by asking 혩Yo Eso , tell'em why you bringing the pain son ?' , then Eso responded with 혩it's getting done as we speak like Jenna Jameson . '
Next plan/ Cuz there's a better chance of Eminem joining X-Clan ! "
To experience the official Demigod sound , just skip to the final song on here as all of the MCs show up boasts their skills .
You get a rise after hearing MC Rise as he delivered a unique verse :
The crowd is out for ya set , they ain't respect
They ain't happy you wrecked , they happy you left
They barely survived your set , families hugging crying
Don't come back , the rap competition 's getting hurt up
Beat within an inch of your life , then beat you one inch further
The rest of what this EP had to offer was n't very different from what I had reviewed , with the exception of "You Don't Wanna Go There" , which had the best beat ( Latin guitar riffs an ill sample ) on the album .
My experiment with this EP was n't very fond , it , it actually left me fazed .
Sure it had a few good songs with superman Apathy behind the boards Celph Titled slashing his tongue of steel .
I walked into my favorite record store in Lincoln heard something beautiful .
The sound of good hip-hop that I heard before .
I was told there was n't one , I had to buy the whole album I wanted it .
I spend to much money on music to waste it on 12 15 tracks I do n't listen to .
But this was different , I had to take a chance .
I broke down spent $ 18 on the double LP.
When I listened at home I was let down ...what a great album , with so many great beats .
I go through this album track by track for all 16 songs , but since you wo n't read that I 'll just focus on the highlights , maybe one two lowlights .
Lyrically they are great , but are n't the type of group I normally like .
The subjects most covered on this album are drinking , smoking partying .
That 's all fine , in fact I really like the fact that a lot of hip-hop is about just having fun , but I it be more than that have a message say something somewhat profound .
This album does n't have much of a positive message , which is my only problem with it .
Despite that last fact , P.U.T.S. has actually put together a very creative album .
Although , the songs are about partying , drinking even doing a few illegal things , the group brings it down to the level of the average fan .
A great example is the song " Mid-City Fiesta . "
As you listen , you almost watch a movie of the duo hitting the town on a warm San Francisco Night a summer night in L.A.
Now , on to the best thing about this album , the beats .
The groups DJ/MC Double K has put together some phenomenal beats , mixing a few classic hip-hop sounds with rare , super funky gems from his crates .
The title track " The Next Step" is a perfect example of this .
On " San Francisco Knights " the last track " Play it Again " the group mixes those phrases in with funky bass lines underneath .
Another plus for this album , for all the underground hip-hop fans , is that it is one of those rare albums that serve as a transition album for your friends who listen to pop hip-hop .
It 's worth it .
I 'm slowly coming around to it , but it takes a lot to impress me , in any genre of music for that matter .
Needless to say , I wo n't be shouting praises for Bow Wow 's " Unleashed " anytime soon .
The first track is suprisingly good .
It has a nice beat , the lyrics are of the rap-star breed .
Totally danceable , imagineable as music at a teenaged club .
The sixteen-year-old Bow Wow 's music video to this song is of him taking his driver 's test , which just goes to show the audience Bow is rapping to .
Adults need apply .
" Eighteen , " the third track is one of the most annoying songs I 've heard a rapper sing in a long time .
The underbeat is headache-inducing , even though I 've yet to turn eighteen , I ca n't relate to any of his lyrics , which leave a lot to be desired .
Most of the tracks on this CD are what one .
It sounds slightly more mature than " Lil " Bow Wow 's album ( Bow has dropped the Lil in an attempt to more mature ) but it still plays to the same , younger fan base .
I understand why pre-teen girls guys like Bow Wow .
For them , he 's a rapper close to their age , singing about things that they find cool .
It loses it 's meaning , at least to me , because Bow enjoys rapping , " My Mama/My road dogg " several times .
But maybe that 's the new compliment in rap star language .
I guess I 'm just hip , yo .
Tracks : 12 , plus a bonus track
Play During : Your daughter 's 13th birthday party .
Price : Around thirteen dollars , depending where you buy it .
Heads unfamiliar with the name Defari have been paying much attention to the resurgence of West Coast Hip-Hop over the past few years .
A deejay-turned-teacher-turned emcee , Defari Herut has gained respect in Hip-Hop the old-fashioned way , through skill , hard work , determination .
With high-profile verses on Dr. Dre's Chronic 2001 Dilated Peoples much-admired 2001 release , Expansion Team hipping a larger audience to Defari , the artist returned to the lab to craft his new album , Odds and Evens .
Duane Johnson ' as a major fixture in the West's rap scene from this moment on .
Having survived a long turbulent career , Defari has beaten the odds ; now it 's time to get even .
Since it 's an album from a member of the Likwit Crew , you know you collaborations with Tha Liks , Defari definitely delivers in this department on Odds and Evens .
Featuring lyrics production by E-Swift , "Inner City " is a great album opener .
Tash brings his inexhaustible energy to "Xtra Thump , " the perfect personality for taking Fredwreck's archetypal keyboard-crafted party anthem to a higher level of rowdiness .
Likwit Crew member Phil Da Agony also manages to jump in a session for "Stay Bubblin , '" though he have been better waiting for a different song to on .
The production work on this is far too innocuous to properly complement the combined venom Agony Defari lay down , killing the collabo's .
With vocals that almost cry out hard drums a grinding bassline , hopefully a remix will pop up as a bonus on a later release .
However , the Likwit Crew are the only ones to bless Odds and Evens with an appearance ; Dilated Peoples makes their presence felt on one of the singles from this album , the remix of "Behold My Life . "
Defari reminisces , "behold my life , a deejay turned emcee/ T La Rock 혩It's Yours ' blew my m-i-n-d/ made me want to be the D-to-the-E/ crowned 310 king of Los Angeles city . "
Despite the impressive roster of guest artists , Defari is certainly capable of tearing down the mic any collaborators does so often .
He continues the hostilities with "Spell My Name , " the lead single , co-produced by Evidence Porse .
Musically , Ev Porse's work sounds a bit like a fresher rendition of some of Dr. Dre's best work ; a defiant march with critical musical points fortified supplementary samples , including a strangely appealing blubbery trombone .
a doubt , Odds and Evens is a nothing less than stellar release for Defari .
The production is excellent , pulling some of the sharpest beats from respected names relative unknowns ( hell , Alchemist's cuts even made it onto the final release , you won't miss 혩em ) .
Evidence proves to be just as solid an asset behind the boards for Defari as he is on the mic for DP ; his remarkable production work here only heighten the anticipation of Dilated's next effort .
Lyrically , Defari knows exactly how to complement the beats with a versatile dexterous flow , rocking rhymes that blend only the best of Cali Hip-Hop , aggressive the trite gangsta posturing , fun-loving but with an undeniable sense of responsibility .
Even Defari has long since abandoned teaching as a profession , his new album Odds and Evens proves that there's still much to learn from this man .
Nia , meaning purpose , is one of the seven principles of Kwanzaa .
It is defined as making our collective vocation the building of our community to restore our people to their traditional greatness .
This is the principle upon which Blackalicous members Chief Xcel Gift of Gab built Nia , a masterpiece highlighting the fusion of soul , jazz , poetry , hip-hop , while still maintaining a dedication to positivity which is in so much of today's music .
Track Listing :
1 ) Searching
3 ) Do This My Way
4 ) Deception
6 ) Cliff Hanger
9 ) You Did n't Know That Though
11 ) Dream Seasons
12 ) Trouble ( Eve of Destruction )
14 ) As the World Turns
16 ) Beyonder
17 ) Making Progress
18 ) Sleep
19 ) Finding
The third track " Do This My Way " features Lyrics Born of Latyrx , another group on their label , Quannum Projects .
It's tight to listen to how many different ways the artists interact with the track .
Castin' off /
The ties that bind like a smashed guitar/
Rode a Mastodon/
Out Jurassic Park / "
The fourth track " Deception " tells the fictional tale of an aspiring hip-hop artist whose immediate success causes him to lose perspective , as a result , leads to his downfall .
To reinforce the theme , the group recites " Don't let money change you " as the hook .
Verse two goes :
Now he went from wearing rags to the best fits /
Gassed his head/
Takin' it /
To the point where he lost all his perspective/
Started cuttin' on the people he came up with /
Ego blown like his soul had been abducted /
Has filled /
Used to want to be the best of the rap gods /
Now his only one concern is going platinum/
his skill has since decreased /
the inner hunger ceased /
Now content just as long as fame cash come/
He's a big Willie now rappin' 혩bout cars /
Thousand dollar shopping sprees , hangin' out with stars /
I mean , just a year ago he was broke , bumming money ,
Drinking out the 40-bottle , living outdoors / "
" A to G " was obviously designed to display Gift of Gab's lyrical precision .
In this song , a sample is played which announces a letter of the alphabet , from the letter A to G. Then the rapper freestyles several bars using that letter , manages to make a point rhyme , despite the limits of alliteration .
It's great to listen to a true MC go to work .
" Cliff Hanger " is a throwback to the days of classic hip-hop , when MCs did n't have to take themselves so seriously .
The song reminds me of Special Ed's " I'm on a Mission " other songs along that vein , where the rapper takes on the role of a protagonist in some fantasy/espionage/sci-fi tale .
In this one , Gift of Gab becomes " The Chosen One " , a warrior who was chosen to wield a mystical sword vanquish evil from some foreign land .
The beat is very catchy the lyrics are so descriptive that the listener almost see the tale unfold .
In my opinion , poetry has a natural place on a hip-hop album .
Rap's lyrical delivery follows poetic form , so the two often work very well together .
Lyricist Lounge Vol . 1 , Black Star , Killah Priest all had great works of poetry on their albums , Nia does as well .
On Ego Trip by Nikki Giovanni , Blackalicious takes a recitation of Nikki Giovanni's poem sets it over a laid back drum and bass hook .
The words flow effortlessly over the beat for a very pleasing effect .
" Shallow Days " soulfully relays the message of the need for positivity in hip-hop music culture .
Poignant observations of life are shown in " As the World Turns " .
Classic battle raps permeate " Trouble ( Eve of Destruction ) " All these many other songs contribute to one of the most original rap albums I have ever heard .
I honestly find anything to say about Blackalicious ' Nia , that there be a lot more albums out there like it .
Give this one a listen , you will be disappointed .
There are certain things that just ca n't be touched .
One of those things just happens to be Da Brat 's current album " Unrestricted . "
Her singles have become more than just songs that one hears on the radio , but instruments that we wake up sing , get crunk , relate our everday lives to .
It be suitable for those 14 years under due to the explicit content , but with anthems such as " That 's What I 'm Lookin For , " Da Brat is bound for success .
Da Brat does have her PG-rated comments leaving her to restrict some of her audiences .
With titles such as " Whatchu Like , " F**k You , " " All My B*tches , " it is n't surprising that some parents are forbidding their children from listening her songs in their homes .
The fact that she has this PG-rated edge shows that she has matured since Funkdafied , thus , leaving her to gain a new audience ( the more mature ) to almost replace the younger .
Da Brat is , somewhat of , a genius with her beats lyrics ( that everyone is "biting " ) She is proving to be more competition than anyone ever perceived .
So , of categorizing like usual , I 'll just type out paragraphs how it is somewhat organized .
So , wondering about the title eh ?
You know those songs you always hear on the radio , that sound spectacular a couple of other songs by the same singer gets popular ?
I 'll assume you do , I 'll also assume you go out to buy the CD expecting the same quality o f songs , only to be highly disappointed .
IMO , Cam'Ron has become legendary to this .
He has one two amazingly popular songs , then the rest of the CD sucks .
Of course , back then there was Napster , KaZaa Morpheus , that was just a few years ago .
Amazing how much the internet has changed music .
The hit in Come Home With Me is " Hey Ma" , a mellow rap song with awesome lyrics .
So , I bought the song on iTunes Music Store , I love it .
I bought the CD because I have always like Cam'Ron 's style .
I am talking about the Gangsta rap of the early 90 's , as opposed to the crap Nelly , Eminem 50 Cent sh !t out .
Back in the early 90s , an underaged kid played rap , like " Hit Em Up" , they inadvertently pee their pants because of the feeling in the lyrics .
Now that has all changed .
Luckily I did pay full retail price , which have been $ 15.
The CD SUCKED.
Cons
This is another example of why people " share " music .
You put a couple of good songs on the CD , the rest sounds like it was there to fill the void .
The lyrics suck , the beat is in way catchy .
Try singing along to " Come Home with Me" .
You ca n't !
Out of the fifteen tracks on the CD , their are two that I play .
The lyrics are n't smooth , the beat is n't catchy .
That is basically the bottom line .
Cam'Ron has n't had a huge fit for a long time now .
He did do a remix of " Horse and Carriage" , which was okay .
It kind of desperate , but of course many artists do remixes .
With the quality of the original song in this case , I do n't anyone it to be .
Again , the songs sound like they were whipped together to fill up space as to make it different from a single .
Pros
Despite most of the downfalls , Cam'Ron is a great lyricist , especially when his songs have a great beat .
Songs he has put out like " Horse and Carriage" , easily puts Cam'Ron on the Top 40 Rappers of all time list .
" Hey Ma" , is a perfect example .
With a mellow rhythm , it is perfect for night drives stuff .
" Hey Ma" is a perfect example of how great rap was in the 90 's .
For example , during the chorus they talk to each other with things like , " What 's up , All right " .
They also pass back to each other : " Got drops , got Coups , got Trucks , got juice , all right . "
Perfect .
Absolutely perfect .
You ca n't ask for a better song than this .
Another popular song is Oh Boy , which is kind of weird but still counts as good music .
Cam'Ron has a very original classy style that you listen to over over again .

you do n't want to download iTunes , try BuyMusic.com .
" Oh Boy " is n't bad .
I really Cam'Ron keeps up his style does n't follow the " Nelly " trend .
The real rap fans will listen , really appreciate the music .
Hopefully he keeps up the good work style
Worth ten bucks ?
Worth a buck ?
Easily .
My roommate is into the whole "jiggy " rapper routine I am decidedly against it .
Let me tell you , whatever "hot " is , it has to be synonymous with "crap. "
My tastes lie in the underground , where most true hip hop artists remain .
These artists see the success that mainstream rappers have , which good bad at the same time .
Usually when a hip hop artist sticks to the underground , they stick with what got them into the game in the first place (usually thoughtful rhymes , but always . )
When one of these artists decides to jump the ladder into mainstream acceptance , they drop any resemblance of a hip hop artist become whor*s of the music industry , molding themselves to what sells .
I have developed a step by step theory by which hip hop artists follow in order to change into jiggy rappers .
Basically , what it takes to become a mainstream rapper nowadays is :
a ) Catchy , jiggy , club friendly beats ( 50 Cents " In Da Club " comes to mind ) .
That's the step by step process .
Of course everyone makes it every mainstream rapper is like this , but typically , this outline is pretty all encompassing .
Examples abound of such rappers .
One such rapper is Fabolous .
His album Street Dreams is an example of a mainstream creation .
Remember the process , ladies gents , you'll see it comes in very handy .
Track Listing
2.
Give a F*** - 3:18
3. D*** - 3:24
4 . Call Me - 3:44
5 . Can't Let You Go , feat .
Mike Shorey / Lil ' Mo - 3:43
7. Why n't I , feat .
Paul Cain - 4:58
8. Up on Things , feat .
9 . Sickalicious , feat .
Missy Elliott - 4:03
10 .
This Is My Party - 4:32
11 . Into You , feat .
Ashanti - 4:34
12 . Change You Change Me - 4:31
13 . Respect - 4:09
14 . Forgive Me Father - 4:19
16 . - 0:05
17 . My Life , feat .
Blige , Mary J. - 4:24
18 . Throw Back [ *] - 3:45
Styles / Jadakiss / M.O.P. - 5:09
20 . Trade It All Pt . 2 [ *] , feat .
P. Diddy / Jagged Edge - 4:35
On To the Review
It serves absolutely point to take up space ( a filler track , you will . )
DJ Clue basically says how everyone wants to be like his boy Fabolous how everyone wants his life .
Already the album starts off with marks .
The first actual song , "Not Give a F*** ," follows the first two letters in my step by step process to a tee .
A deep , rubbery bass-line pounds away accompanied by some very basic , grating snare bells .
The beat is a typical club-ready creation , perfect for accompanying Fabolous ' lyrics .
These following lyrics exemplify part ( b ) of my method .
I 'm fly enough , to do better ,
But pimp enough to give a f*** ,
I 'm thug enough , to do better ,
gangsta enough to give a f*** ,
I 'm hustlin' enough , to know better ,
But ballin' enough to give a f*** ,
I 'm , old enough , to know better ,
But young enough to give a f***
I the lyrics speak for themselves .
Damn incorporates a female singer as the hook , a shameful mainstream tactic popularized by the wack artist know as Ja Rule .
This song reminds me of the Saturday Night Live skit with Christopher Walken , where he is a producer of a band .
" Guess what ? " he proclaims .
" I got a fever !
the only prescription ... is more cowbell ! "
Cowbells pervade throughout the song .
Over over , the same sample is used , to the point where the listener just wants to skip the song , kill himself .
The lyrics don't say anything , which is to be .
I can't help but of Puff Daddy ( P.
Diddy ) when listening to Call Me , any song for that matter .
Although Fabolous ' flow is much better than P Diddy's , there is escaping the fact that he sounds almost exactly the same , voice tone wise .
This song is about a girl that wants him to call her because they had such great sex together .
Next;
The next song Can't Let You Go uses Nelly's rhyming of "thank ya" "gangsta . "
I respect ya gangsta
Treat you like a princess
put something on your neck to thank ya
Essentially the song is about how he has a girlfriend how much he likes having sex with her , but can't leave his wife .
This is an extremely misogynistic track that 's hidden in a glossy , acoustic guitar laced beat along with Lil' Mo Mike Shorley's strong singing .
Bad B*tch also borrows rhymes from another album .
This time it 's from The Clipse song , Let's Talk About It .
The lyrics are along the lines of having "fun" with two girls .
The track , production wise , is repetitive unintelligent .
This perfectly compliments the wack lyrics .
"Yeah , I 'm a Ghetto Superstar ni**a
Most ni**as trying to get one chick , right ?
Yeah . .
Why n't I also continues this charade of wack , pointless , misogynistic , money hungry , women objectifying tirade .
This time Fab is joined by an rapper , Paul Cain .
Cain is even guiltier than Fabolous , since he assists Fab in continuing his moronity .
Up On Things presents nothing new exciting , but the piano driven , synth backed beat is very infectious .
Snoop Dogg shows up for the chorus some extremely pointless lyrics , but his presence is refreshing in a self-parody sort of way .
This Is My Party just plain sucks .
The beat is horrible , Fabolous ' rhymes are weak , the chorus is completely utterly wack !
Skip at all costs !
Ashanti stars on Into You , an attempt of introspection that goes horribly wrong .
, Fab is attempting to be real with a girl , but all he does is talk about how much money he has how he's greater than anyone else .
What is this crap ?
Essentially , it be a waste of time for me to continue my review , considering the fact that the rest of the songs follow the same routine of recycled subject matter , beats , complete of talent/creativity .
Every track is below average .
Fabolous does n't step up his game does n't drops the clich챕s , he's going to be played in my play list , that 's for sure .
The first artist to drop an album from Derrty is other than fellow St . Lunatic Murphy Lee , with his debut album Murphy 's Law .
The " School Boy " along with the other St . Lunatics dropped the groups debut Free City back in 2001 .
After that album dropped Nelly fans started to really notice Murphy Lee( Which aint sayin much ) .
After that many commercial artist also noticed Murphy Lee .
He featured on The " Roc Da Mic " remix which also featured Nelly , Freeway and Beanie Sigel , he he featured on the " Welcome to Atlanta " remix wich , Snoop , P. Diddy Jermaine Dupri .
Ali was the first he record bombed worst than Baghdad .
After Ali 's dismal sales Murphy Lee is setting out to prove that he sell .
The first real single for this album is Wat Da Hook Gon Be .
Murphy 's Law is all about having fun .
1 . Be Myself( Intro ) - N/A - Just a sample of a woman singing I Just wanna be myself .
2. Do n't Blow It(feat .
City Spud ) - $ /$ - Opens up with a City Spud phone message .
Murphy Lee gives a poor intro then you barely hear City Spud chorus over Murphy Lee yelling .
The beat is instantly a commercial sh !tter .
Murphy Lee takes the first verse spits some really weak punchlines with a sad attempt at humor .
He continues using weak metafores punchlines .
In his last verse it is still pretty weak but some of his lyrics are a bit better at first then he just falls off a cliff .
3. Hold Up(feat .
Nelly ) - $ /$ - This beat is of the commercial club type .
Murphy starts off spits some real garbage .
Nelly is on the chorus it is f!ckin terrible " I dont wanna leave by myself , Boy you aint gotta leave by yourself , Sh!t...TAXI" .
" I hit em up like Blu Cantrell , He-He-He-He-He-He-He-Hell " Murphy take the mic again for another agonizing verse full of pimpin' bullsh !t .
This clown refers to himself as Grandpa Game Tight. He talks about girls his pimpin .
He is singing on the chorus about his Grandpa Game Tight game .
His lyrics on the second verse are n't too bad but the subject matter is awful , once the chorus comes around again you will be slamming your head against the wall .
In his wack a$ $ last verse he talks about his different women pimping tendencies .
The chorus comes around for the last time you will have an urge to break something after that garbage .
Trust me its terrible .
The beat on the other hand kind of saves this stink .
It is commercial but it does n't sound bad the violins add nice touch .
5 . Luv Me Baby(feat .
Jazze Pha and Sleepy Brown ) - $ $ $ - Murphy talks about his dream woman on this track .
Jazze Pha takes care of the chorus Sleepy does his thing at the end of the song .
This song is commercial as hell but it is n't all that bad much better than that bullsh !t
Grandpa Sh!t Raps .
6 . Murphy 's Law( feat .
Darius Bradford and St . Louis Slim ) - N/A - Darius Bradford St . Louis Slim making a speech .
7. Cool Wit It(feat .
However when these guys rap they end every bar with " Cool Wit It " .
Now anyone who has consistantly read my review knows that I hate that unoriginal wack sh !t .
need to say much more the only thing of value is the chorus .
Nelly , Roscoe , Cardin , Lil Jon and Lil Wayne ) - $ $ $ $ - This beat features some hitting bass synthesized effects along with Nelly in the background yellin " Ooooo" .
Lil Jon as usual is yellin " Yeah " when the track opens .
Nelly has a sing along chorus .
Sure his verse is a bit commercial but he rips this sh !t crazy .
Lil Jon comes on yelling " Okaaaaayyyyy" .
Lil Weezy f!cking rips this up ugly .
He continues the fire that was recently heard on his sqad mixtapes I am really hyped for his next joint .
Of course what song with Lil Jon does n't end with him yelling at the end of a song .
9 . What Da Hook Gon Be(feat .
Jermaine Dupri ) - $ $ - Jermaine Dupri ask what the hook gonna be Murphy Lee answers he does n't need a hook ...But that IS the hook .
JD on the chorus is sh !t because he is sh !t everything he does is sh !t he along with Baby The Birdman are on my hip-hop sh !tlist .
the worst song on this album but it damn sure is below average .
10 .
King Jacob Prentice Church ) - 0 - This song has a very laid back beat .
The beat is so laid back that after a few seconds all you will hear is Z 's .
Elementary Rhymes bored beat equal terrible song .
Darious Bradford and St . Louis Slim ) - N/A - These two ask each other how many kids baby momma 's they have .
Sh!tty skit .
12 . I Better Go(feat .
Avery Storm ) - $ $ $ 1/2 - In this song Murphy Lee speaks of a past love how it went wrong .
Murphy Lee talks about how he caught her cheating on him .
He tells how the more time they spent together the more they just made each other sick .
13 . Red Hot Riplets(feat .
St . Lunatics ) - $ $ $ - Right off the top we get a madly commercial beat Mr. Commercial himself Nelly opening up the track , rapping about how one mess with him how he is just making sure his offspring are gonna be rich .
Ali Nellys chorus is plain sh !t .
Kyjuan takes the second verse it is n't bad at first then he starts talkin some wack sh !t about how his girl is All That a Bag of Chips( Circa 1991 ) .
Murphy Lee once again spits some above average lyrics but his sh !tty sing rapping ruins it terribly .
Ali comes up last for some reason I am feeling his verse .
14 . Regular Guy(feat .
Seven ) - $ $ $ $ 1/4 - Murphy Lee starts off with rap singing one thing that is heard off the start is his herre bullsh !t .
The beat is for the clubs is sickly commercial .
Seven 's chorus also is clubby commercial as hell .
However that is where the wack sh !t on this track ends .
He gives some braggadocio tell of how people cant mess with the Lunatics also how he is n't going to change for anyone .
He tells of how he had a number one song while still in high school .
This is the best song on this album .
" Im with five individuals /
They say we original/
We all started underground like digital/
Now the haters lookin' pitiful/
But lyrical we still sh-sh !t on you / "
15 . God Do n't Chill(feat .
King Jacob and Prentice Church ) - 0 - These two clown Prentice Church King Jacob are garbage as f!ck .
After this however I wonder why the hell Murphy Lee put these clowns on an already slacking album .
This dumb a$ $ song is once again about pimpin partying .
Murphy Lee spits the garbage also .
The production on this track is lazy .
The chorus is album stupid sing raps from Murphy Lee .
16 . Murphy Lee(feat .
This track sees Murphy Lee kicking game to a girl at a party .
Zee does a great job on the chorus for this type of song .
Murphy Lee 's lyrics are pretty average here he does the err , urr crap again he also rap sings as usual .
17 . Head From A Midget(feat .
Darius Bradford and St . Louis Slim ) - N/A - These Brothas aint funny .
Period !
18 . Shake Ya Tailfeather(feat .
Nelly and P. Diddy ) - $ 1/2 - Since this song is so sh !tty
I wont write a new review for it i 'll just use the one I used for Bad Boys II Soundtrack .
Lyrically Nelly spits his herre , thurr , abuse of the english language .
This cat also said " I 'm Young Like Turk , I like that Cash that Money " Then at the end his " Im starvin like Marvin Gurrl( girl )/ I got 16 bars of ferre(fire ) " was ...whooo .
As I said before this is a club hit , but as a song in general it just suck ! ...
19 . Same ol ' Dirty(feat .
We have Murphy Lee rappin about back in the day when he was a young buck .
In the second verse he ruins it spitting terrible commercial a$ $ lyrics .
In the third verse Murphy Lee talks about the struggles he the St . Lunatics had to deal with before Nelly blew up .
Like I said earlier Murphy Lee 's rapping is just like Nelly .
He is all about having fun .
You will find once on this track where Murphy Lee raps about killing , shooting , stabbing , beatting the living hell out of someone .
you wanna hear that go buy DMX , he has plenty of it .
For the most part Murphy Lee 's guest appearances are really weak on This Goes Out .
Also some of the singles he got for the chorus 's such as Toya , Zee and Avery Storm do great jobs .
When Nelly the St . Lunatics show up on a track for the most part its pretty wack .
The stupid Darius Bradford St . Louis Slim interludes are n't funny at all are just a waste of wax .
Why ?
Because you f!cking like Nelly .
Then again I wont front when I was a couple years younger I was a Nelly fan , just check my Country Grammar review .
I bought this album when I read an artical in Rolling Stones magizine .
I still I have waited until I found it in a store that sells used CDs .
Maybe then I have it was worth the money .
There is one track that I really like though .
It is Da Brat with Kelly Price .
I do n't like that in this album she sells her body of her talent .
There is only one real diffrence .
This album is n't that good , those other 2 are .
It is WAY diffrent than her first ... so do n't buy this album you want the same old same old .
Buy this album new you have money to burn , you want an entire collection of female hip-hop artists this one puts you all the way there .
so with the Arsonists .
Going from a sprawling group of five original members , to a smaller three , actually helps the flow makes the album a much more consistent showing .
The original Arsonists release titled " As The World Burns " was essentially a mish-mash of old material recorded since 1993 up to 1999 the variance in production skill throughout that time period is overwhelming .
The original five was cut to just three , Jise , Q-Unique , Swel 79 .
These three MC 's released the album " Date of Birth" , a much more thorough unique listen than the original .
Lyrically , the three play off of each other very well , seemingly finding a perfect fit .
Usually an intro on modern hip hop records is purely there for album filler , but even this trend is torched by the Arsonists .
" Date of Birth " summarizes the new Arsonist sound keeps the listener updated on the trials tribulations of the crew .
Introducing all three MC 's style it makes for a moving foray .
" Stay Lo" , the second track on the album is a total destruction of mainstream rap the platinum status achieved by many such artists .
" A million sold do n't make you pro " Jise alerts .
The beat is pretty standard affair it takes a backseat to the lyrics , as it .
The next two tracks are just as good as the second one , continuing to scorch mainstream rap moving towards a hip hop nirvana .
Nirvana is reached on
" Language Arts " an absolutely incredible track .
Using traditional Japanese kabuki theater strings with a deep bass beat along with some scratching .
The lyrics surprisingly are the main focus because the production is so truly innovative .
Its something you witness to .
Nothing on the album reaches the perfection achieved by " Language Arts " " Alive" , but the overall album is up there among the best underground releases of 2001 .
I recommend this release to anyone who likes to hear more than just the typical gangsta "bling bling " mentality .
Sad to that this group will always remain beneath mainstream radar , reaching more than a cult status , but then again , is n't that the point ?
Zion I is a group of 3 men : MC Zion , producer Amp Live , DJ K-Genius .
Their futuristic sound is one I have yet to hear reproduced .
They originate from Atlanta have since moved to Oakland .
An incredible club-banger that has MC Zion dropping pure hiphop lyrics that talk about everything there is while still making it a party track .
The production is revolutionary .
Scratching , violin sounds , a chopped bassline .
I usually prefer high-vocabulary strewn lyrics but this music is hip-hop as its very purest .
The next song , " Critical " has lyrical mad-man Planet Asia trading verses about the mission of the emcee over a beat that sounds like the whole song is a sample , the way it thumps repeats stops .
To quote Planet Asia , " My brother hit me on the game/Said that we original man/And we manifested here to spit slang/ I a minute , let it sink /Deep like the Titanic /We wider than the ocean of Atlantic/Pacifical mythical styles / In the west it 's gettin' wild/ I 'm chillin' like the Sphinx upon the Nile/
Reverberating/ Why is you hatin' hip hop we creatin ?/Across the desert sands we be bakin'/My melanin/The key to lock rock spots flocks /Walk the rugged avenue with my B-Boy bop/It 's evolution toss a pebble at the devil smile/
I 'm rebellion while propelling freestyles " Sure , it haphazard at first , but you need to understand the state of mind these emcees are entering to comprehend .
The beat to come straight out of that region of the world , with flutes the sound of what be some kind of magic dust being dropped .
But this supernatural vibe does n't last forever as the truth of reality strikes us .
Sounds from the city whisper in the background until ...
With a harsh thumping syncopation , MC Zion starts the next track " Koncrete Jungle , " telling of this same pain .
The track is pretty much about how he hates the city such an existence .
" Dark streets/swoll feet/where massive trash heeps/You speak/Most weep/SORROW/runs deep/Pain/Escape through cocaine .. . " he goes on in a staccato tempo that freakishly embodies the city 's moral horrors .
I 'm from NYC this song always hits me when I hear it .
The city theme continues as the musical geniuses sample Mos Def 's lines " Metropolis ... Who on top of this " over a long-running instrumental DJ-capade of city-sorrow .
Techno-paced snaps crackles convey the pace of life in the Metropolis , building on the two tracks before .
" Trippin'" , what many consider the best track on the album , has a tint of that southern influence with a beat that is ... intergalactic .
I ca n't find another word .
MC Zion tells of the pains of living in itself , the world its self-inflicted crimes .
Just to get somethin' to eat/It like everybody trippin'
is it I? / Crazy lady walkin around .
Shoutin curses at the sky/Instrumentals be the lullaby/Rhyme stimuli , / now come along , vibe as we praise most high/You be trippin'/
Yes , it has the religious tint to it , but it does , in any way , take away from the track .
" How Many " has the topic of before revisited in a more poetic way with lucious piano keys being stroked for the beat the occasional organic guitar whine .
MC Zion talks of days of before days in the future .
Again , the content is incredible .
Use this track against them !
then the moral anger of Zion I is unleashed .
" A Little Cash " samples Brooklyn respectable emcee AZ as MC Zion asks for " a little change . "
He means it in both ways , ironically .
The intelligence is on another level .
This topic continues with " Fools Gold " where the DJs sample rappers talking about money ... from Rakim 's " Paid In Full " to Jay-Z 's " Money Ain't A Thing . "
then sex .
See the pattern ?
Violence , Money , now Sex .
MC Zion talks about " Venus , " that Greek goddess of love criticizes her wiley ways , greed , the way she treats everyone , as well as how she has been treated .
A great extended-metaphor , a conceit , creates this track .
The criticisms are pretty much done , now " Rap Degreez . "
the beat is ...OFF THE HOOK .
I they sample the music from the lava level from Nintendo 64 's " Mario 64 " for the beat .
" Silly Puddy" , with super-introspective emcee The Grouch talks about the human being how we are influenced by everything .
Our flaws abilities , our nature as a whole .
As The Grouch says , " one to claim Creator yet the masses are perplexed/Cause by life we 're so impressed , we all wish we had a next . "
The beat is space-age satellite influenced , as you tell , the two emcees ' contrasting flows fit perfectly over the beat .
" Inner Light " is as positive as you get about us .
This second single has a magnificent violin flute god knows what else .
A true masterpiece of music .
What does this album cover ? ? Definitely one of the best tacks
Then there 's " All Tha Way , " a blazing battle track similar to " Twince inna lifetime " from Blackstar 's album the way it 's set up , featuring Eclipse 427 Rasco .
Then " One " ends the album on a techno beat once more , as Zion I closes this book with an appropriate epilogue .
Best Tracks : Inner Light , Mysterious Wayz , Revolution , Rap Degreez
Worst Tracks : Big Ups
First of all the Biggie issue , " Similarities in my voice ni**a check the words ."-Shyne .
Yes , on first hearing Shyne 's voice you of Biggie , but upon hearing the rest of the album you 'll have forgotten all about the the very little similarity , you have n't you have issues .
The difference between Shyne Biggie , besides the younger healthier voice of Shyne , is that Biggie was a studio gangsta ' where as Shyne is for real .
Biggie even said it himself in an interview , he sits with friends takes their experiences makes them into songs .
You Shyne 's album is real , you hear it in his voice , in his lyrics you see it in his eyes .
He has many scars to prove his battles both inside out .
Trust me besides the lyrics , which Shyne writes himself , you have the hottest beats to hit a hip-hop album in a while .
Shyne shows how versatile he is by rapping to fast jungle beats , slow "love " songs , all those bass pumping tunes .
Trust me when I 'm driving I need something to hype me up I throw in the Shyne c.d . because it 's truly hot .
Da Brat~one of the most original rap RandB stars out there .
She has the funky sass of a rap star , the elegant class of a woman .
It had an amazing beat , cool words , the music video showed many sides of Da Brat .
Her growing up from the young disobedient thug girl , to now a woman , is definitely showed throughout her album .
With appearances by Tyrese , JD and Lil John , Ja Rule ..and many other great performers , her cd is hard to listen to repeatedly .
Her flows technique is far different from her other albums .
She has matured , as well as her music lyrical talent .
She still holds it down as one of the strongest outspoken ladies of the hip-hop world today .
CDs full of energy is "what you 're looking for" , I recommend artists such as Dr. Dre , Eminem , Ja Rule , The Cash Money Crew , Eve .
you 've been alive for the last 15 years so , you have at some point encountered MC Hammer 's smash hit single U Can't Touch This .
Based upon the bass guitar riff from Superfreak , the jivey little number was a massive hit worldwide , was once voted the greatest song of the 1980 's .
It to appeal to just about everybody : matter which audience I play it to , it to go down well amongst everybody .
Accompanying this ditty was the album Please Hammer Do n't Hurt Em , in which MC Hammer takes a stand against all the issues of the day .
Basically , this is the quintessential rap album of the age .
In the liner notes , as with most of the disc , he rants about racial discrimination a mixed bag of other capitalist society flaws .
You will find yourself grooving to songs you know you hate , just for the retro effect .
In the fun little intro Here Comes The Hammer , he raps about the album you 're about to experience in what is basically the bridge to U Can't Touch This .
After that track comes the slow moving romantic number Have You Seen Her ? , the only one of it 's type on the album .
Yo! ! Sweetness with a rather redundant second exclamation mark , is a very beat-heavy ( hell , the whole album is beat-heavy ) track with men chanting about a "sweetness " across the room .
On Your Face , Dancing Machine , Pray , Crime Story Black Is Black are exactly the same : like Janet Jackson in Rhythm Nation 1814 , MC Hammer complains about all the difficulties facing modern Western society , racial discrimination in particular , to way too many beats fairly crappy lyrics .
He even contributes a series of preachy poems to the booklet about these topics .
She's Soft Wet Work This are also the same : There's a girl .
She's hot , eh ? Yes , she is .
She certaintly is .
Let me explain why this is so .
So , you buy Please Hammer , Don't Hurt 혩Em ?
While it 's one of the essential rap albums of the day , it comes across very dated cheesy , so No.
However , you get your hands on Please Hammer at garage sale prices , a single of U Can't Touch This , make sure to pick it up : Can't Touch is a must-have for every music collection !
Boston rapper Ray Benzino is one Hip-Hop's most puzzling enigmas .
This year , the rapper returns to try to capitalize on his hit with his latest solo album , Redemption .
Will the album redeem Benzino in the eyes of those who doubt the validity of his career to begin with ?
.
Track Listing
1 . Stayin 4eva
2. Call My Name feat .
Mario Winans
4 . You feat .
Mario Winans and Lisa Raye
5 . Make You Wanna Holla
6 . Neva Shuvin' feat .
Wyclef and M3
7. Gangsta's Touch feat .
Cadillac Tah and Black Child
8. Redemption ( Rosary ) feat .
Fatal Hussein and Kid Juvi
9 . X-Tra Hot feat Daz Dillinger and Jewel
10 .
I Remember feat .
11 . Get It On
12 . 44 Cal .
Killa feat .
Scarface and M3
13 . Hoola Hoop
14 . Different Kind of Lady
15 . Pull Your Skirt Up
Mario Winans , Lil Kim , and Petey Pablo
He's already scored a major success with "Rock the Party , " a lively track reminiscent of Busta Rhymes Missy Elliot's wild club hoppers , showcasing syncopated jungle beats warbling synth chords .
Ray takes more shots at a lame club hits on the grinding "Get It On , " dancehall derivative "Hoola Hoop. "
Fully cognizant of the importance of appealing to the XX-chromosome demographic , Redemption has two softer compositions for the ladies .
" I Remember " exudes a sentimental with Ray ruminating over a relationship .
Conversely , "Different Kind of Lady " is Benzino's dedication to his current love , but with a twist in the lyrics that Hip-Hoppers have seen repeatedly since Common 's " I Used to Love H.E.R. " Though certainly the first thespian to make an appearance on a rap CD , it 's still unexpected to hear actress Lisa Raye ( The Players Club , The Wood ) share the mic with Ray on yet another variation on the Bonnie and Clyde love song theme , "Would You . "
picking up a thing two from her time as a host on the Source : All Access television magazine , Raye sounds almost natural in the spirited duet , though the likelihood of a solo career resulting from this collabo is negligible .
To be sure , there are actually a few genuinely tight tracks on Redemption .
"Gangsta's Touch " shows the true of Benzino's Hangmen 3 production squad ( Benzino , Jeff Two Times , JB) with a forceful head-nodder featuring live drums , flowing orchestral strings , harsh funk guitars .
Featured emcees Cadillac Tah Black Child are nice with their rhymes , but Benzino comes through with some truly forgettable lyrics .
remarkably , the weakest track on this disappointing effort is the manufactured diss track aimed at Eminem , called "Pull Your Skirt Up. " It's still why Benzino really decided contrive this battle between he Em .
He claims it 's because Slim Shady is a white so-called "culture stealer " denoting his use of Hip-Hop to obtain success in mainstream audiences .
However , when the purported "bible of Hip-Hop" 혩Zino co-owns has recently dedicated itself too flooding its pages with bling bling half-naked chicks galore , to mention the fact that the other co-owner is white , what weight does his argument really have ?
The beef most is nothing but a tool for Benzino to coax a few more units of Redemption off the shelves , promote the "Hip-Hop Is Under Attack " articles in upcoming issues of The Source .
the overall wretchedness of "Pull Your Skirt Up" reflects this flimsiness of argument .
The song is nothing but a poorly put together arrangement of marginally insulting couplets aimed at Slim Shady over a washed out rendition of Nas ' original Jay-Z assault "Ether . "
satisfied to spew only at Em , the Boston rapper stings together anemic assaults on Obie Trice D12 , but wisely sidestepping 50 Cent .
this is the kind of "saving " Hip-Hop needs , then the culture truly is doomed .
Redemption by Ray Benzino is nothing less than a prime example of why The Source magazine longer is taken seriously in regards to Hip-Hop music culture .
one of the chief figureheads at the mag seriously believes that this album passes as a credible effort , there's way the issues in anyway be representative of anything Hip-Hop .
While many do dream of being a high profile rap star , many also dream of being a co-owner of a major rap publication .
David Banner has been around for a minute but has yet to score a big hit .
That is until now .
With his collaboration with Lil Flip burning up the radio I figured I 'd give this a listen .
This is Banner 's second album after he scored a southern hit with Them Firewater Boyz .
This second album has already sold a ton of copies with constant rotation of the single Like a Pimp currently heating up dance floors across the south it 's bound to sell even more .
I do n't so but then again I 'm only one person .
Banner is from the state of Mississippi in case you did n't know .
even the album title does n't tip you off to his home state trust me he hollars it out enough on this album to drive you insane .
Here is the tracklising for Mississippi ,
1 . Intro
3. Getcha ( featuring Lil ' Jon )
4 . Like A Pimp ( featuring Lil Flip )
6 . F*** 'Em ( featuring Pastor Troy )
7. Mississippi
8. Cadillac on 22s
11 . Really Do n't Wanna Go ( featuring B-Flat Marcus . )
12 .
So Trill
13 . My Shawty ( featuring Fiend )
14 . Phone Tap
15 . Bush
16 . Bring It On ( featuring J Da Groover Mississippi Shawty )
17 . Still Pimpin' ( featuring Marcus .
Kamikaze )
18 . Outro
This cd has left me with mixed feelings .
On one hand there are the tracks which I know Banner put some into then there 's the tracks that just leave you wondering who put out such trash .
With tracks like Cadillac on 22s , Bush , Mississippi you start to that there 's something to this rapper from the poorest state in the Union .
In case you 've heard David Banner before his flow best be described as a sort of raspy , ruff sound .
Banner incorporates live instruments on my personal favorite track Cadillac on 22s .
When looking at the tracklisting for this album I singled this song out as the worst track on the album .
But once I heard the laid back beat the acoustic guitar I realized I had this track all wrong .
Here 's a few bars from this introspective song ,
My folks still dumping my music , bumping but I nothing
I 'm so sick of taking
Maybe hell ai n't a place meant for us to burn
Maybe Earth is telling just a place for us to learn
Sometimes I wish I was n't born in the first place
Maybe this first base , God knocked the ball up out the park
So we come home this world right here is feeling so dark
22 inch rims on the ' Lac
I guess that was yo footprint in the sand carrying us on yo back
Banner also manages to touch on keeping kids off drugs , out of the streets on this track .
While the most intricate rhymes they are flawless when spit over this beat .
Bush is a track that gets at the president the way Mississippi is treated .
Banner does hide his displeasure for the president his hypocritical ways over a bass beat with another acoustic guitar .
Banner raps , I 'm runnin' up in this sh*t like a track meet/You murdered , up in Texas where killin' is such a sin/
The first month you in office you started killin' again .
My feelings on Like a Pimp are mixed .
I enjoy the beat but the subject matter is horrible .
I also want to point out that I 'm fan of Lil Flip so the fact that I dislike this song come as surprise .
But my personal feelings have in way hampered this song 's rise on the charts .
This once again proves how stupid most people are .
The lyrics are boring attempts at humor braggadocio in way add to the albums overall value .
Songs like F*** 'Em , What it Do are detestable pieces of sediment .
Please avoid these songs at all costs .
The lyrics are just a mixed bag of profanities spit over average beats .
DJ KLC of Beats by the Pound fame handles the production on F*** 'Em with all the skill he exuded while working for Limit .
Which in case you did n't know that was a compliment .
Overall I have to say that you do n't really love southern rap you stay away from this one .
Big Tymers ' " I Got That Work " is one of my new favorite rap
It has a wide range of moods with songs that are slow
songs that are fast paced hard .
Great for a loud car
stereo system but equally at home in your living room stereo .
Big Tymers , ( featuring Lil wayne juvenile on most tracks )
talk mainly about the amount of money they have on this CD.
It kind of raises your spirits to hear that there are people
in this world that buy some of the things that these guys
own .
It has it 's fair share of swearing ( which bothers
me ) but it 's done tastefully even though it 's a hardcore rap
CD.
for kids , but great for all else .
I bought it because
my friend introduced me to one of it 's premiere tracks ... " Get
Your Roll On " by far the best track .
The only thing I wish was
different was that ... it ended .
you like Juvenile ,
B.G. , Hot Boyz , the 504 Boys , then this CD will fit right
into your musical collection .
EH.
The Neptunes made the album I always wished P. Diddy 've made .
Rather than being the focal point of the album , they 're making the beats ( most of them ) , producing the music , simply adding their touches to the album .
He to that he makes all the hits , why make an album full of them ?
Puffy the business man ?
The man .
Puffy the rapper ?
Wack .
This album has nothing to do with Diddy , but the Neptunes , Pharrell Williams Chad Hugo have made a smart move here .
Since they make music for everyone anyway , rather than putting those songs on other people 's albums , put them all on one album , on Star Trak ( their label ) , reap the benefits .
The two singles that were released received a ton of radio airplay .
Frontin' by Pharrell featuring Jay-Z is everywhere .
You turn on the radio , Pharrell shrieks .
You watch MTV , Pharrell is crooning .
I 've talked to a few people most of them like this song .
I will listen to it it 's on , but in my opinion , he sounds like he 's playing singer .
He sounds like an excellent karaoke singer .
The song does have it 's quality production Jay-Z lends his stamp to it as well .
The second single is Light Your Ass On Fire by Busta Rhymes .
When I heard the title of the song , I did n't know that they were singing about literally lighting someone 's rear end on fire .
Actually , the song is more about Busta 's fascination of watching a female shake her huge rear end .
It 's where near as clever as Sir Mix-a-lot 's Baby Got Back .
Pitiful song for someone like Rhymes who is an energetic force lately had picked up his word play , but this is just bad .
Of course , this CD is also an attempt to showcase some of their own talent .
The Clipse are featured on two songs .
Blaze of Glory is a decent track .
It 's one of those tracks I mentioned in the title that I 'd love to have the instrumental rather than the actual song , but you dig the Clipse , it 's ok .
The beats are so intuitive while it is all similar lending one to the Neptunes are stuck in their own formula , it still has charm .
I 'm sure what to make of Roscoe P. Coldchain , other than the fact that I his rap name is hilarious .
On Hot he sounds very monotone .
But I did n't hear much out of his mouth that made me he 's going to be anything special .
The Neptunes did get some big stars as well .
Other than Busta Bus Jay-Z , they also got Nelly , Ludacris , N.O.R.E. , Snoop , Old Dirty Bastard , the duo of Nas Kelis .
They 're simply what you 'd .
Old Dirty is joined by Pharrell on Pop Sh*t , but with his new moniker , Dirt McGirt .
It 's a fun track with Dirty 's usual crazy antics .
to say I completely understand what Dirt is rapping about since he sounds like a child learning to speak with new braces , but what you from Dirt the Neptunes ?
This track is nothing special , save for a catchy chorus , but that 's about it .
The most interesting track for me on the entire album is the last track , Popular Thug with Nas his bride to be , Kelis .
Nas does n't bag in his performance brings his A game to balance Kelis ' awesome vocals .
The Neptunes do supply one track for themselves in their N.E.R.D. alter ego .
It an interesting track called Losers that 've been the theme song for Revenge of the Nerds .
The chorus goes , " We will be the losers , we will leave until the job is done . "
Very odd track with only the lyrical content , but also just the style .
It 's what you 'd .
The production is flawless at times , but the way the Neptunes make beats sort of limits what MC 's do .
That 's why much of what they do sounds so similar .
The CD did come with a DVD which included videos for Frontin' , Hot Damn , Rock N' Roll by Fam-Lay .
Great Music to Play While : Experimenting with your keyboard
while i usually do n't convince myself to just BUY cd 's because it 's a sophomore effort , fabolous was a little different .
his first album was something that maybe one friend bought we ALL listened to it indifferently .
then between albums 1 2 , fabolous made some great songs that were really released .
as i listened to online stuff from dj clue 's mixtapes , i gained a better appreciation for his music .
well , as STREET DREAMS came out , i felt the sudden urge to buy it pop in .
i mean his lyrics have some humor to them .
one of my favorite lines goes along the lines of "i 'm here to take away your meal , almost like it 's RAMADAN" .
i it 's one of the top songs , of course it was n't made into a single .
4 . call me : another top song ( which i does n't turn into a single ) along with # 3 .
great song reflecting FAB 's average day .
unlike 50 CENT singing his own chorus(es ) in his cd GET RICH DIE TRYIN' , FAB smartly chose to have girls sing the chorus with bits of FAB himself talking .
definitely a smart move by " THE KID" .
5 . ca n't let you go : a reunion with "SUPERWOMAN" singer LIL ' MO , i 'd describe this song as one of the best recent hip hop "love songs " ( i use love loosely on this one ) .
when you listen closely , it 's about that girl that 's his "other girl" besides his wifey .
" cuz the entree ai n't as good somethin on the side " is one of those lines that i 'm just gonna remember matter what .
it 's one of those times that the songs really do n't apply to most of the world .
actually , i wish the whole song was dumped .
8. up on things : featuring snoop dogg .
fab uses a little bit of west coast flavor , almost making it a continuation of dr .
dre 's " still d.r.e . " .
great cruising song , really a party song .
9 . sickalicious : as much as i like missy on her OWN songs , she does n't really sound right on this song .
10 . this is my party : his first single , review required !
11 . into you : great use of ashanti , as she makes # 4 CALL ME sound better sweeter .
12 . change you change me : for some reason , i really DON'T like this song .
i do n't know why , but i it 's just too slow of a beat underneath funky flows .
15 . duplicated : a cool lil song to bump in the ride a party , has a bit of neptunes sounds in it , which always makes songs better .
i anyone says his flows are better on this album , a lot of it is on this song .
17 . my life : a classic 90 's sounding song featuring mary j . blige on the ENTIRE chorus .
sounds like j . lo 's " all i have " song , but more "hip hop-ified " .
i wish this song DOESN'T get released , because i it get worn out pretty quickly .
there are some more songs on this album , but i i well represented most of the good ( some bad ) songs .
it 've been made a lil better , but so everything .
this review was helpful !
Dr. Dre had managed to disentangle himself from the talons of Suge Knight Death Row Records .
Dre had started his own label , Aftermath , was ready to sit back , renounce his gangsta image watch the money roll in .
So out he came with this Aftermath sampler compilation , we did n't hear from him again for three years .
The reason ?
The album more less sucked , Dre 's midas production touch was on most of the four five songs he actually had a hand in .
It 's a shame , too , because the one Dre track on the album , " Been There , Done That , " is really good .
( " I 've got a palace in the hills overlooking the sea / It 's worth eight , but I only paid 5.3." )
An entire post-gangsta Dre album in this vein have sold through the roof , but alas , he had n't the creative energy for it .
The other album highlights be summed up in a couple paragraphs .
KRS-One , Nas B-Real of Cypress Hill perform under the name Group Therapy with " East Coast / West Coast Killas , " a Dre-produced track that picks up where " Natural Born Killas " left off .
The vocal trade-offs are seamless , the bass is solid the whistling Dre synth is bad@ss as ever .
Mel-Man , who co-produced Dr. Dre 2001 , gets his solo track in " Sh**tin' on the World , " which overcomes its rather non-descript Dre beat with humor , intentional otherwise .
The aborted R+B girl group Hands-On turns in the piano-heavy , sultry groove " Got Me Open " with a Dre rap reminiscent of the same era 's " Diggity . "
RC ( the only artist on the album with two songs ) turns in a decent , funky remake of David Bowie 's " Fame . "
Otherwise , the album is indistinct , passed down to Dre production apprentices like Bud 'da , Floyd Howard , Flossy P Maurice Wilcher .
There 's a reason acts like Miscellaneous , King T , Nowl Sharief took off .
As an intro record-label sampler , you have to wonder Dre planned to produce oversee albums from all these acts he was just looking to put together a half-@ssed compilation laugh all the way to the bank while Death Row went under .
way , it was a mistake .
you are looking for generic , rip-off rap for the holidae season then look further than Chingy 's Jackpot .
Filled with senseless raps in an Steve Erkel meets Nelly cross pollinated by Snoop Dogg fashion , Chingy comes off sounding completely inane pointless .
His grating vocals are like nails on a chalkboard even guest stars by real rappers ( Snoop Dogg , Murphy Lee ) do n't keep this jackpot from going broke .
The remix is just a little bit better with the addition of Trina .
She provides some needed relief for Chingy audio assault .
The follow up single " Holidae In " has a great beat production when Ludacris Snoop Dogg check into the hotel I literally like kissing their feet in gratitude .
So this song is the best song on the album .
" Wurrs My Cash " just plain out sucks with its almost 80 's production , stupid lyrics redundant hook ( I use the term hook very loosely ) .
It 's a weak attempt to have the charisma of Snoop Dogg but it comes off once again like Erkel just stepped into the hood .
" Bagg Up " is almost palatable with its slight funky groove that is more fun than some of the other tracks .
He actually establishes a flow that is n't hindered by cutesy word mangling .
It still is pretty stagnant but at least it does n't make me that Chinese water torture is preferable .
" One Call Away " has a promising intro with its RandB but once again it deteriorates into bad reception once Chingy opens his mouth .
I do have to give it props for being the only track on the album that is n't mispelled .
Other tracks which be describe in a creative variation of the last couple of descriptions include
" He 's Herre " which rips off Kelly Rowlands " Can't Nobody" , " Madd @ Me " which is dedicated to the fans that bought the album , " Represent " ( with co-rapper Tity-Boi .
I sit here give you a track by track acount of this album you give me helpful 's then I guess I will .
But in order to write about real music I rather just cut to the chase .
I rather sit here languish in poverty ...a poverty of sound .
DJ Kay Slay is the king of the mixtape scene .
He has won the Justo Mixtape Award for Best Mixtape DJ 4 year in a row .
He has many classic mixtape series such as " The Regulator " and " Renegades " .
He is also the reason why DJ Clue boycotts the mixtape award because Clue b!tched about now winning the award last year Kay Slay shut him up with an intimidating call out on one of his mixtapes( even though it to me he was really calling out DJ Envy , everyone wants to he is calling out Clue because Clue is a bigger name ) .
This is Kay Slay 's first commecial mixtape release .
Even though He is " The StreetSweeper " The Streetsweeper DJ 's consist of him , DJ Pruitt others .
Him talking over song in him husty voice get annoying but his exclusive its a new song other DJ has an exclusive freestyle , makes up for it .
Well enough on Kay Slay Lets get into the review .
1 . Intro ( DJ Kayslay ) - $ /$ - This opens with a dedication to Kayslay 's father .
DJ Kayslay sounds terrible as a rapper as he sounds as Darth Vader mixed with Ja Rule .
Kayslay is a pretty bad rapper .
Also This beat is lazy making this a terrible intro .
2. I Liked Ya @ss ( Scarface , Raekwon and Fat Joe ) - $ $ 1/2 - Face starts off this song spitting some pretty tight rhymes .
I was expection some classic Raekwon flame I got nothing but a crappy verse .
Fat Joe comes up after Raekwon follows suit spitting stench .
The best thing about this song is that face spits first so after he is done you go to the next track .
3. The Streetsweeper ( The Lox ) - $ $ $ - Styles P opens up spitting flames .
Basic SP styles talking about brutally killing people junk but he alway does a good job of it to me .
The chorus to this song is wack .
Sheek is second is just terrible .
He really does n't make sence when he raps his metafores are crap .
I he tries to hard to fix funny with gangsta it does n't work at all .
Jadakiss comes up last with an average verse .
It is n't bad but it is n't nearly what you from Kiss .
The beat here is pretty mediocre but it has that D Block to it .
4 . 50 Shot Ya ( 50 Cent ) - $ $ 1/2 - This starts out with Kayslay talking some super hardcore crap .
" I'll smack the f*ckin' sh !t out ya favorite DJ" .
I 've understood why Kayslay is so made all the time .
Now to the song ...50 Shot Ya is OOLLDD !
It also is n't the best 50 track out .
In a matter of fact I it 's one of 50 's worst .
5 . Get Shot the F!ck Up ( Mobb Deep and Prodigy ) - $ $ $ - This beat is pretty damn tight but let it be known I hate Mobb Deep.
Prodigy in particular .
He was at one time hot as hell .
Now he as a lazy laid back flow I hate it .
I sloppy bad 1st verse .
The chorus is n't bad though .
Big Noyd goes next I like his verse .
Hav goes after Noyd he spits some pretty sub-par sh !t...Well It 's that bad but it 's hard for me to like anything the Mobb does nowadays , but Noyd 's verse combined with this beat some ok spittage from Havoc save it from P 's trash .
6 . Everybody Wanna Shine ( Black Rob , G-Dep and Craig Mack ) - $ $ - So Will the real Kayslay please shut up !
I am getting tired of Kayslay 's hardcore blabber already .
Craig Mack comes up really rips it though .
The chorus goes with Kayslay taking sh !t as usual .
I guess of talking crap over someone elses song they give him a chorus to run wild on .
7. Too Much For Me ( Nas , Baby , Foxy Brown and Amerie ) - $ $ $ 1/2 - The first single for this album you see the video you will notice Nas is n't there .
Kayslay Nas now have beef because Nas did n't show up for the video shoot .
It 's a shame considering Nas has a sickening verse .
I mean Nas kills this thing something ridiculous .
Amerie 's chorus is pretty average .
Baby spits some of his better bars on this track , as Foxy spits crappage .
This beat is nice andfits the song perfectly , Nas 's " Oh Yeah 's " in the background are a nice touch .
8. Purple Haze ( Cam'Ron ) - $ $ $ - it is n't the beat waster himself !
Along with the rest of the Diplomats I 've seen anyone in the history of the rap game just trash so many sickenin beats !
This song is another example .
This beat is hot as hell !
Camron comes on with his lazy @ss flow stinks it .
However this beat is so hot I still listen to this song .
9 . Freestyle ( Eminem ) - $ $ $ - Eminem starts explaining how bad of a mixtape DJ.
This freestyle is over the " Love Me " beat off of 8 Mile .
This is n't a traditional Slim Shady crazy/funny freestyle .
bad but what I was expection .
I was expecting another " Peg Legged Greg " type of freestyle .
10 .
The Champions ( Doo Wop , Tony Touch , DJ Clue , Funk Master Flex , DJ S and S , Brucie B , Kid Capri and Ron G ) - $ $ - Doo Wop starts off spits a pretty tight verse .
DJ Kay Slay is next he spits some angry garbage .
S and S I goes next spits an average verse .
I Ron G is next spits a doo doo verse .
Kid Capri then comes up spits an above average verse .
Brucie B is on the chorus , Clue and Funk Flex are in the intro .
11 . 7 Deadly Sins ( Vita , Angie Martinez , Duchess , Lady , Amil , Sonya Blade and Remi Martin ) - $ $ $ $ - The beat here is tight .
Angir Martinez lays it down for the haters it comes off pretty tight .
Vita lets you know who it is on this track on the chorus .
Sonya Blade also spits the best i 've ever heard of her .
Duchess just straight rips her part .
She spits flames here .
" Open my mouth/and they respect my diction/You Open ya mouth/and cats wanna let they kids in" .
Duchess spits the flame then Remi lets out the inferno .
This is the second best song on the album .
12 . New Jack City ( Posta Boy , Shells , Grafh , Cassidy and Jae Hood ) - $ $ $ $ 1/2 - The future of the rap game at its finest .
to mention these 5 spit the best punch line out there .
Posta Boy opens up shows when he was the first rapper from 106th and Park to be retired .
He opens up spits above-average verse here .
Next up is Shells , andhe spits flame .
" Yo you boys is silly/Im next says Pac and Biggie/and I 'm bout Major Figgaz like Dutch and Gillie/Catch Shells all-star weekend down in Philly/on my hip pack heat like a bowl of chilly . "
Grafh steps up to the plate he also spits heat .
He follows the chorus of " We Just Can't get along " with " cause a lot of y 'all are fakin/1 minute later its a salama lenkum( ? )/2 minutes later , its wheres my salami bacon /" .
The punchline king Cass is next spits fire .
This is n't nearly the best of Cassidy but its still tight nontheless .
The prince of D Block Jae Hood comes up to bat knocks out a homer , like he had a corked bat .
This is the best track on this album .
13 . Westside Driveby (E-A-Ski , Mc Ren and Kam ) - $ $ 1/2 - I Like this G-Funk beat .
Ski 's verse is aight , bad at all .
Mc Ren 's on the other hand is n't a favorite of mine .
I like the chorus though .
14 . Ima Smack this Muthaf!cka
( Nore ) - $ /$ - What the hell is this ?
The chorus here is trash , the lyrics here are trash the beat here is trash .
That about sums it up .
15 . Angel 's Voice ( The Flipmode Squad ) - $ $ $ - Bad beat .
Busta comes up rips this song up .
This is classic Busta right here .
16 .
I got U ( Styles P and Bristal ) - $ $ - This is a Bristal song with an SP chorus .
Styles 's chorus is the only reason this song gets extra $ .
Bristal spits two wack verses over a corny beat .
Fat Joe starts off spitting his own version of Special Ed 's " I Got it Made" .
After that he spits some tight bars then it goes into the chorus which is n't good but bad .
Reminese comes up next rips it as usual .
This is n't her best ...far from it but it 's still good .
A Bless comes up even though i 've heard of him he rips it .
DJ Kayslay comes up at the end ruining it screaming more i 'll slap your favorite DJ trash .
18 . Coast to Coast gangstas ( Sauce Money , Joe Budden , WC , Bun B , Killer Mike and Hak Ditty ) - $ $ $ - Sauce Money starts off spits a terrible verse .
A pretty tight verse for Mike even though I am a fan of his .
Bun B is next he does a nice job on this track .
19 . Nino Brown ( Wyclef and Hollywood ) - 0.1$ - TRASH
20 .
Put that Thing Down (8Ball and MJG) - $ $ $ - This beat is aight .
8Ball rips this joint up .
MJG is a funny dude .
He just talks stupid sh !t but it does n't mess up the song , it fits perfectly .
I honestly say there are only 3 tracks that I listen to on the regular basis .
They are " 7 deadly Sins " " New Jack City " and " Take a Look at my Life[remix ]" .
Kayslay have officially released " Month of the Bad Guy pt.2" of this trash .
That has songs I actually listen to , such as " When You hear That " by Beanie Sigel , ODB and Peedi Crakk , " 7 Deadly Sins " , " Fire " by Joe Budden and Busta Rhymes , a couple Lumidee remixes , " Money Mayne " by 50 Cent and Lil Flip , " Get Familiar " by 50 Cent and XL , " Party Ova Here " by Rah Digga and Lloyd Banks .
All the features that this phone offered ( along with it 's price ) is what attracted me to this particular phone .
I 've called Panasonic service , they attempted to help , but my receipt is long gone ....so I 'm out of luck .
Since purchasing this phone , I 've had problems with loosing ( I say ) fading conversations clicking noises in the phone .
I went out purchased the exact same phone just last week .
Unfortunately , this is a particularly comfortable phone to use the ones that are comfortable discharge in a matter of minutes .
I followed the instructions for re-charging the batteries carefully have replaced the batteries to avail .
The feature set is fine but the the phone dies before you get a chance to enjoy them .
They die warning it is a real nuisance .
Pros : Easy set up/great features / understandable instructions / user friendly .
Cons : have made the handset with a more comfortable , less irritating design for ear area .
The features are incredible .
The fact that you have extension phones all over the house is amazing .
The phone book , once set up in any unit be copied to all other phones .
You use the phone to page another phone , transfer a call , conference , use like an intercom .
It has a room monitoring feature , like for a baby 's room , you were caring for someone who was really sick .
The distance from home with good reception is about 1000 feet .
You do n't have to use the "answering machine " .
you do n't press the " Answer On " button , which is by a red light , you will have a plain old regular phone .
I am a little dismayed that the answering machine will only hold 15 minutes of calls .
I 'll have to remember to clear it more often .
The phone works great once you make adjustments in the setting up of the phone .
Our upstairs cordless phone was near death .
Time to go phone shopping .
I was attracted to of the new expandable cordless phone systems ... the kind with a single base station the ability to add several handsets .
The many benefits of such systems include the ability to use the handset base stations as intercoms the ability to transfer calls from one handset to another .
Those items are just the beginning of the long list of cool features of the Panasonic KX-TG5110M.
There are two ways you buy this phone system .
The first is as a package with the base station one handset ( Model KX-TG5100M) .
You also buy a package that contains the base station TWO handsets ( Model KX-TG5110M) , which you usually find for around $ 265 .
This is a good deal , because the individual handsets sell for $ 79-89 each .
you know you need more than one handset , definitely try to find the two-handset package , save yourself a few bucks .
When I was buying , Circuit City Best Buy carried the two-handset package .
Sears Amazon.com
I bought mine from Amazon.com .
THE TECHNICAL STUFF
This phone system works in the new 5.8 GHz frequency range .
Also , you have an 802.11b wireless computer network in your house building , that works on the 2.4 GHz frequency range , it cause interference with that kind of phone system .
In my experience , it works flawlessly ...
This phone really sounds exactly like a good corded phone .
At my house , the range is about the same as what I got with my previous 900 MHz phone .
I go outside on the front porch , but I venture about 30 feet down the driveway , the reception goes away quickly .
Inside the house , there are dead spots , reception is flawless , both upstairs downstairs .
THE BASE STATION
The base station is a sleek , attractive compact unit with a large LCD screen that displays its many functions .
Unlike Panasonic 's 2.4 GHz models , which come in gaudy shades of purple silver , these phones have an attractive , businesslike platinum color .
The LCD screen displays caller ID info , your phone book , which store up to 50 numbers , the interface for the digital answering system , the menus that you use to set up the phone 's features .
The display is backlit , large , with nice big readable text .
There is a large circular , 4-way rocking navigation control which allows you to scroll through your phone book , caller ID list , as well as menus .
The base station be used stand-alone as a speakerphone there is handset handy .
HANDSETS
The KX-TG5110M system handle up to eight handsets .
Even though the screen is smaller , the handset contains fewer buttons , you perform nearly all of the functions on the handset that you on the base station .
Most of the buttons on the handset are backlit , light up when you touch any button .
MINOR GRIPE # 1 : For some reason , Panasonic did backlight the four most important buttons ( Talk , Speakerphone , Off , Hold ) .
The handsets are solidly built , good in your hand .
They are a little larger than those on some of the competing phones , but I 'm bothered by that .
The center of the handset has a rocking joystick-like navigation control , which performs the same functions as the big one on the base station .
MINOR GRIPE # 2 : For some reason Panasonic labeled some of the buttons with slightly different names ... for example on the base station there is a button labeled " Hold/Clear " .
There is an equivalent button on the handset , but it 's called " Erase " .
They both do the same thing , but they have different names .
Needless confusion .
It is really loud , but it does work , it beats holding the phone to your ear while you 're on hold for 45 minutes .
Headset fans plug in to a jack on the side , use the included belt clip .
Each handset is an intercom that call any all of the other handsets the base station .
you answer an outside call , you want to transfer the call to another handset , it 's really easy to do so .
The base station has a handset locator button , so you find that handset that got buried under the dirty laundry .
It is to use up to 4 handsets the base station simultaneously in a conference call .
A handset also be used as a baby monitor , but I guess that that eat up your battery pretty quickly .
One really cool feature is that you transfer an entire phone book list an individual phone book entry from any handset the base station to any other handset .
MAJOR COMPLAINT # 1 : Panasonic decided to use NiCad handset batteries with this phone , of the much superior NiMH batteries .
Many reviewers had complaints about poor battery life , charging memory problems with Panasonic 's 2.4GHz line , this new model was an opportunity for them to fix that by using better batteries .
I 've seen reviews elsewhere that say that the batteries do work better on these phones , but time will tell .
The handset also has a signal booster mode , which you turn on when reception becomes iffy .
It give you a little more range , but it also cuts down on your battery life .
THE ANSWERING SYSTEM
The base station contains a digital answering system that supports an outgoing message of up to 3 minutes , 15 minutes of message recording time , all digitally recorded .
The system has three separate voice-mail boxes ( which is perfect at our house , because there are three of us ) .
You use your outgoing message to instruct callers to hit pound-1 to talk to Dad , pound-2 to talk to Mom , etc. .
Messages for any of the mailboxes be retrieved at the base station on any of the handsets .
A flashing indicator on the LCD lets you know which mailboxes contain fresh messages .
All messages have a time/date stamp .
There is an option for slowing down the playback of messages .
The system uses flash memory , so the power goes out , you do n't lose your messages .
The answering system works just the way you 'd it to , it 's very intuitive to use .
CONCLUSIONS
I long hard before spending this kind of dough on a phone .
But when you balance that high price against the long list of great features that you use every day , along with excellent build quality , great sound , good looks , ease of use , the Panasonic KX-TG5110M becomes a solid choice .
I compared it to the even more expensive Siemens systems , found it to be a better choice .
After using it for a few weeks , I do n't regret the purchase at all .
you 're looking to buy a really nice an honestly good 5.8GHz system with some very nice features , then seriously consider this one you do n't mind the price .
Bought the system a few weeks ago with 2 extra hand sets for a total of 4 hand sets .
Although our home is big we do enjoy having the option of several hand sets .
Its one of those "why did n't anyone of this before " options .
This system replaced another one that we bought at a local discount club , which was horrible much hated from the moment it was connected .
have know better since the price was $ 60 for three a hand set system .
A good example of you get what you pay for .
Before deciding on this system I seriously was looking at the Seimens system came 'oh-so-close ' to buying it .
But something told me to look a little further then I found this system .
The Seimens system looks really sleek but all the reviews are neutral , in some cases very .
This gives me interference what so ever with the wireless network in the house , which was a major gripe with the older 900 MHz system we had .
you home requires more then you have enough money to install a professional system .
So far I love the system , my wife on the other hand keeps saying "its a guy thing" .
Absolutely .
interference from my wireless video camera , wireless computer network , microwave .
audio chopping when I move to distant parts of the house - I did have these problems at 2.4 GHz .
I first tried a Uniden DCT-5260 , 2.4 GHz model with 2 handsets - I do n't see that model on ePinions .
I find the Talk button easily , but the End button is just one of 6 identical buttons that are equally spaced around the large talk button .
What were they thinking ? !
To work with the caller ID list you have to press a button on the left , then one of two buttons on the right to scroll , then down to the bottom to use two poorly labelled buttons : one to delete , the other to confirm ?
Most other phones - including the DCT-5260 - will use soft keys .
When the phone is taken out of the charging cradle the LCD blanks out .
With this phone you have to press a button to reactivate the screen .
I do n't get it , LCD with light off consumes very little power .
What were they thinking ? !
The DCT-5260 used AA NiMH batteries .
What a GREAT !
What were they thinking ? !
Storing numbers from caller ID was easy , especially because the function keys required are scattered all over .
Imagine my dismay when I realized that long distance caller ID numbers be redialed !
Yes , they left off the leading 1 (one ) there 's option to make it store numbers with a 1 .
Finally , although the handset looks OK , I despised the retro base station look , so I made sure to buy the basic model with speakerphone answering machine .
Uniden needs to put a 5.8 GHz phone in the DCT-5260 package .
Now that I 've concluded this review I realize that I return the phone .
Stupidity be rewarded
The battery on this phone does last long .
I have had the phone replaced ( by Panasonic I had to pay for the shipping ) I was sent another battery from Panasonic .
It just does last .
I have found that it lasts about 2 hours .
I am so sorry I purchased the phone
I do review the answering machine feature because we have voice mail through our Telco do need it .
This phone is totally solid on all of the features it touts .
Sound Quality- Great !
I have n't had any problems with interference like phizzes pops .
Speakerphone in handsets as well as base .
I use it all the time for checking our voicemail .
Phone Book sharing : Add all your contacts into one handset , then " copy " them to all the other handsets/base .
Ability to be using all the handsets at the same time : Do be fooled by other 5.8 Ghz phones .
Some of them ( Uniden ) do actually allow both handsets to be used simultaneously .
This one does .
But , it also allows you to set a "privacy " feature before you place a call so that the other handset be used to hear your call .
Intercom feature : Allows you to talk to the other handset base while offline ( on a telephone call ) .
Key Navigation : I was very pleased with the layout of the keys which allowed for easy navigation addition of contacts .
Thank you Panasonic !
Previous phones made me dash to a corded phone when the beeps went off , that it was dying ....NOW.
The selectable ring tones are nice .
You choose from JARRING to sooothing .
in between of course .
:-)
Nothing gets in the way ( like chin next to the "off " button ) Easy to hold .
Other features it has , but I have n't really used :
Digital Answering System : I sent an email to Panasonic asking they were going to make a system it the answer was .
Which is the way to go you ( but that is another review ) .
On the other hand , it does n't have any features which let you know that you have voicemail like other phones , but you still have the stuttered dial tone we also have external Caller ID boxes which voicemail .
One minor gripe :
of just plugging in say 3 area codes to that they are local calls , you have to click this 'edit ' button on the handset for calls which have come in to change them from ; 1-756-222-2222 to 756-222-2222 , then call the number .
The manual says it will do this for up to 4 area codes .
Another stickler is that this setting is saved individually on each handset .
We used to own a Siemens 2415 , a predecessor to the 4215 .
We actually bought an ATandT 2.4Ghz phone first , assuming that the clarity of the calls we got with the 2415 was to do with the digital transmission on that frequency rather than something specific about the phone .
That was a mistake , the ATandT calls were simply that clear the range of the phone was as good as the 2415 .
This is a great phone .
For us the major issue with a phone more than features is the clarity of the calls with the 4215 ( even in speakerphone mode ) it is exceptional .
We did find you need to read the manual to learn how to use all of the features correctly , but the on-screen LCD prompts you for most things .
Range is great .
With the base station at the rear of our house , we use the phone with of clarity outside at the front of our house , over 60 feet away .
I am sure it go father but we do have that need .
In case anyway reading this is aware , getting a 2.4Ghz 5.8Ghz digital cordless is very different to getting an analog cordless phone .
Analog phone call quality is typically poorer will degrade the further away from the base station you get .
You also notice they have more visible antenna on both the base the phone .
The other often missed difference is the security of your calls .
Its just too easy to receive analog telephone calls using something as cheap as a baby monitor !
You be able to listen into a digital cordless transmission as easily .
The phone is packed with all the features you , directory , caller id display so on .
The answer machine does everything you want including remote access .
A small gripe be that it comes with Ni-Cd rechargeable batteries I have preferred Ni-MH as these do have the memory effect of Ni-Cd , however as the batteries are standard size AA rechargables you replace them very easily with Ni-MH when the Ni-Cds give up .
One final cool feature is the voice activated dialing .
Available on some cellular wireless phone for sometime now , the 4215 allows you to pick directory entries simply by speaking the persons name .
As you guess , I love this phone .
this phone offers lots of fetures , but the quality poor . it also has alot of static .
the price of the phone was cheap but the buttons also cheap because they small .
other then that you stand on one leg hold your head against a window it to work great .
I also needed a new answering system .
Our office has gone through a number of answering systems over the years .
After reading reviews here at Epinions we decided to change to the Panasonic KX-TG2000B.
The base unit is well constructed has a very large useful LCD display , which is a nice change of pace from the Lilliputian LC D 's found on most phones .
The base unit has a corded handset offers a jack for headset use .
A very nice addition is a " Headset " button , which is used to answer calls when then headset is in use .
Finally a manufacture understands how a headset is actually used .
The headset be programmed with both speed dial directory listings .
One draw back here is that the handsets do share the base station directories .
You program the handsets individually .
Setup of the base unit is simple is achieved by a few well marked buttons in conjunction with the LCD display .
The answering system " Auto Attendant " functions are a little confusing .
The answering machine function be turned on to answer calls on phone line offers one general voice mail delivery box .
The " Auto Attendant " feature however route calls to individual handsets on answering the phone .
This function offers a separate voice mail box for each handset used .
This is a draw back as you use multiple mailboxes in the answer mode .
We have liked to use several mailboxes to announce address appointment information .
This is however .
We do use the "auto Attendant " feature , but it be useful in a larger office with receptionist to field calls .
The answering system is efficient fast .
The electronic voice is a pleasant female voice which announces mailbox activity .
New messages are easily spotted as the voice mail button is a large clear button which flashes a red icon when a new message is taken .
The voice is fast does slow down the user .
The handsets are well constructed have a solid heavy .
Buttons are well marked the LCD display keypad light up on use .
Sound quality is exceptional with little discernable difference between the handsets a corded phone .
Truly first class sound .
Transferring calls from one phone to the next is a bit of a task .
We have placed small notes on the phones with instructions on how to transfer .
After a few more weeks we will have learned the system then be able to remove the notes .
I that the KX-TG2000B has given us a far more reliable phone answering solution .
There is a serious of high quality phones answering systems on the market .
The Panasonic KX-TG2000B is thankfully one of these poor quality contenders .
It is a first class product with few weaknesses .
For the price it is a steal .
I wish I had bought one long ago !
It that every year I buy 3-4 cordless phones because the last years begin to die .
So , this time I decided that I needed to buy better phones .
The Panasonic is pretty neat - I have 3 cordless handsets in addition to the base station ( base comes with one cordless ) .
The individual phones were a problem for me because I regularly put the phone in the wrong base station ; some of the cordless phones out there are n't real tolerant of that .
The Panasonic just has chargers , which is great !
I now have phones on every floor of the house , all tied together .
It also has an auto-attendant up to 8 voicemail boxes , which is really nice for small businesses .
I recommend getting the second line you do n't have one yet .
The voice quality is wonderful , even at a good distance ( 100 ft more ) , through walls , etc .
Even the speakerphone ( in the base station ) works well .
Mostly , it sounds like you 're under water .
Oh - one last thing - once a call is answered by a handset , you ca n't just turn on another handset join in .
So , to have more than one handset on the same line at the same time , you have to "intercom " to the other handset , " conference " the call .
It 's liveable , though .
I 've had the phone for about a week so far I 'm very impressed .
Initially , I had a lot of interference on the phone , but then I realized that I had it set up near a wall that had a lot of wiring in it ( right behind my house 's main electrical panel ! ) .
I moved the base station to a different room it 's been great !
Sound quality is vastly improved over my 2.4 Ghz Panasonic there 's absolutely interference with my wireless network .
My favorite feature so far is the built-in speaker phone in the handset .
That 's a life saver when sitting on hold waiting for tech people .
Again , so far , so good .
I 'd recommend it - especially for people with wireless 802.11b networks .
My goal was to replace a 900Mhz Vtech cordless phone that we 've had for several years an old tape-based answering machine with a single device .
My old cordless still works , but wo n't hold a charge well , so I was able to use it for sound quality comparisons .
I saw this phone with the two handsets for a good price gave it a try .
My findings to that you simply get the voice clarity sound quality from ANY digital cordless that you from an analog phone , period .
I came to this after trying three other 2.4Ghz digital phones ( including this phone , another Panasonic , a Motorola ) comparing to my still-working old 900 Mhz cordless .
I finally found a 900 Mhz cordless with an answering system finally foud one that sounded as good as my old phone .
Vtech has quite a few ( check www.vtechphones.com ) .
of them have as many features as the digital phones though , which by why they are now far more popular , despite the sound problems associated with digital .
Maybe they do a better job with digital match the clarity of an analog phone .
Now , that said , you 're willing to let sound quality suffer ( hey , it 's a PHONE for goodness sake , why let SOUND suffer ? ) are set on a 2.4Ghz Digital cordless , Panasonic has a pretty good offering .
Here 's what I liked about this one :
*/SYM Speakerphone on each handset - cool !
*/SYM The size weight of the handset pretty good .
It 's thinner ligher that other phones .
My wife noticed that immediately liked it
*/SYM directional selector button for navigating menus - very easy .
Although the menu system on this model is as intuitive as the Panasonic KX-TG2248S.
I to remember having to go to an odd place to add an entry to the phone book .
*/SYM 2 handsets are included you buy a third
What I did n't like about this phone :
At times it almost sounds like a 1/2 duplex speaker phone does .
When you first go off-hook , you hear a solid hiss .
The hiss goes down , although it does disapper once you start dialing .
The person we were calling to test it said that this phone gave a "tinny " sound to the voice .
Switching to our old 900Mhz cordless mid-call resolved it , ans switching back bring it back .
*/SYM The antenna is too long .
This is true of all Panasonic phones .
you like to sit back in the recliner easy chair , you have to keep your head turned so the antenna does n't poke the back of the chair .
I do n't know why Panasonic went with that design .
I it makes the phones look less modern too .
We use that all the time .
In fact , it 's the of this feature that made me set this phone aside to try the KX-TG2248S even though it only has one handset included .
*/SYM There 's phone/speakerphone on the base
I finally ended up with a Radio Shack 900 MHz cordless that came with 2 handsets an answering system in the base -- on sale for $ 45 ! There 's speakerphone on the handset fancy features , only one be used at once , but at least it sounds as good as the phone I 'm replacing gets rid of my old nasty sounding tape-based answering machine
I have had the Panasonic 2 line system since last November I really enjoy its feautres .
Even some companies to offer the features of this phone .
I wo n't explain the answering machine in detail as it is a straight forward easy to use machine with 5 greetings ring selections (2-7 ) .
On the answering system you set up the main message direct callers to different voicemail extensions .
It works like the automated attendant system so I do n't see why Panasonic added this feature to the system .
Any ?
This system has 5 greetings on two lines .
You program the same greeting on both lines .
Change this before you play around with the settings .
I love being able to call my house press the extension number followed by the pound sign it says " Please wait a moment " .
It also say " Sorry this line is busy " when someone is on their extension it lets you leave a message following the incomplete call handilng menu which is simple to use .
It even say " Sorry there is space for recording " when your mailbox is full .
It will let you loop-back to the main greeting by pressing 2. more hang-ups .
Now let me tell you you program the greetings for the time of day .
So lets say you are working at a company the receptionist will have to manually change the greetings .
It also has dial-by-name directory found on PBX only systems .
Voicemail :If you want your phone to go into voicemail after 2 rings it .
This feature is called forward answer like on company phones you do n't pick up after 2 rings it will go right into your voicemail your personal greeting will play .
you have this feature turned off in the menu on your handset then it will ring 5 times play the generic greeting which is ok but do n't you want your own greeting ?
You have the option of 50 minutes 100 minutes of recording time including the Automated Attendant greetings .
You easily access your messages while you are away from your desk by calling in the main number pressing */SYM then your 4 digit passcode .
Another Voicemail secret :
you need to check the receptionist mailbox( Reffered to as The General Delivery Mailbox ) you press 4 then after the messages are heard then press 4 again it will get you back to your mailbox .
Everything is a single call operation on this system .
Voicemail/system cons : I do n't like that the General Delivery Mailbox only has the generic greeting .
I like to be able to say ( Were sorry there is receptionist available please leave a message .
Also there is quick messaging by pressing ** twice having it say enter the destination for your message .
This only be done you are logged into your mailbox .
Also having to press # /# to get an extension is a minor con .
At some companies it will say" Invalid entry transferring to an attendant one moment please " .
Operator Counsle : The main unit with the operator rings 5 times you got that right then it plays a generic greeting .
Dial By Name Directory :
This needs to be added because it is easier for people to get into extensions .
For instance it say to dial by name press 411 then the caller be insturcted from there .
Handset Registration :
Oh my !
You have to buy a handset for each extension .
There is way of saving money by just having a "guest mailbox " where it goes right to voicemail wihtout rining the extension .
Oh well .
Name Directory :
A good feature for all of us .
I do n't use this feature but the manual says that it will tell how many times a caller called .
I go on on on this phone system .
you want to discuss this system please email me at vipclub@msn.com .
there is any professionals out there I like to discuss voicemail systems( Nortel, Toshiba Panasonic etc ) as this is my hobby a career .
But that was 1982 cordless phone worked perfect .
Over the years I witnessed new phones showing up on the market .
The claim printed right on the front of the package "introducing the most powerful phones ever built " assured me that I 'm buying a quality product .
The phone has great features .
The phone looks really great but it just does n't work well .
At about 60 ft from the base you hear static about 100 ft away from the house conversation becomes .
Per instructions , I relocated base away from any interference , but this little beauty just did n't work .
My 900 MHz Panasonic costing $ 29.99 has more than double the range there is virtually static 200 ft away .
My old 2.7GHz 4-line Panasonic also outperforms Uniden by far .
This great looking Uniden reminds me of the crappy phones from the 80's .
Do n't waste your time calling Uniden cusomer service .
The so called "technician " will read from the book about microwave ovens , computers fluorescent lighting interfering with your phone .
The guy is very rude keep pausing for a minute at the time than tells me that I have a bad phone line in my house .
All other phones work just fine from the same line so does Uniden when you 're 20 ft away from the base .
I bought this phone because it had all the features I was looking for ( i .e .
caller ID , 2.4 GHz range , speakerphone , etc. ) .
Plus I 've owned Uniden phones in the past have n't had a problem with them .
However , this phone has extremely poor sound quality from the handset .
It 's very hard to hear/understand the person on the other end of the line ( even with the volume on high ) .
What makes matters worse is that when you talk into the phone it sounds as there is an echo which is very annoying .
The bottom line is , this phone is going back to the store today
Our Sony phones died after 7 years ...which I do n't is too bad for a cordless phone .
My husband hates talking on the phone , so I had to find something light-weight comfortable .
This phone has it all !
2.4G is great for the country , problems near the microwave .
Lighted key pad helps in low light times .
You choose from 6 different ring tones , but it had "regular " phone ring , these are all very electronic sounding .
The intercom comes in handy when I 'm upstairs he is downstairs .
, having an extra handset with need for a phone jack saved us some "renovations "
Intro- you 're a regular reader of my reviews , you recall that I reviewed another Panasonic cordless long ago .
That unit was the KX-TG2215B.
I initially liked that particular phone ( Which I selected based upon my very limited needs in a cordless unit ) .
However , Within a month so , I began to notice that the battery to be dying much faster than it have .
Before long , I 'd have to charge it 12 hours just to get a few minutes worth of talk time .
In spite of the fact that the phone was fine for my need otherwise , it ended up getting only a two star rating from me in the end .
A phone with a dead battery is utterly useless .
I eventually got rid of that one just went back to using my old corded phone .
I really very rarely ever talk to anyone over the phone so I ca n't justify spending any more than I have to in order to get a good , reliable cordless with the features I need .
Other than the battery issue , I was very happy with the features performance of the other Panasonic .
My must-have features were as follows :
*/SYM Powered by a high capacity Ni-MH battery pack
*/SYM 2.4GHz
*/SYM Backlit Caller ID
*/SYM Decent sound quality
*/SYM I used to have a phone with a backlit keypad found it to be a very handy feature .
Therefore , I decided that I was going to go with another Panasonic , I was going to make sure the unit was powered by a NI-MH ( Nickel Metal Hydride ) battery pack .
Ni-cad batteries were always plagued by what is known as the "memory " effect .
Basically , what this boils down to is the batteries needed to be almost fully drained before recharging .
As you 'll see , it I guessed correctly .
The newer Ni-MH batteries also are n't totally immune to this issue but they are much less to suffer from this memory effect .
The newer batteries are starting to in more more phones recently though .
Shopping- When it comes to me wires , there 's only so much I take before I finally get tired of fighting with them .
Going back to a corded phone was n't as easy a transition as I it 'd be .
Finally , about a week ago , I set out to buy a new cordless .
I looked at a lot of models in almost every store I of that sells them .
It the phone had a decent battery pack caller ID , it was a 2.4 GHz phone it was well overy the $ 50 mark .
Yes , I saw plenty of cheap cordless units caller ID.
However , I 've gotten so used to it that I do n't know how I ever lived it .
I finally ( somehow ) ended up at Wal-Mart .
I really very rarely shop there but it was a last ditch effort before giving up going home .
It was there that I finally selected my new phone - The Panasonic KX-TG2214W.
In general , I like all of my electronics to be black .
It to go out of fashion it always blends in nicely with all of my other black gadgets .
I was a little disheartened to find that this model was only being sold in white but this particular model has a couple of features that really set it apart from the rest of the sub $ 50 phones .
For starters , it has a high capacity ( 1500 mAh)Ni-MH battery pack .
The feature that sent it over the top was the lighted keypad .
It 's almost unheard of for a phone with these features to be less than $ 50 !
Initial impressions - Ok , I 've been through this before .
I was surprised to find that the white does n't bother me as much as I it .
It has absolutely sloppy gaps anywhere that I find .
The layout of the keypad caller ID is pretty nicely done , although I miss the old navigator key .
There 's still a navigator key but it 's a four-way key like the one on the older units .
Still , navigating through the menus doing everything you need to do to set up the phone is all easy enough to learn once you read the manual ( maybe even you do n't ) .
As it was with the older Panasonic , the Backlit caller ID has excellent contrast is large enough to be read at a comfortable distance .
Oddly , there 's way to turn this feature off in the menu you want to conserve power .
I guess it 's a huge deal anyway , since the battery pack is listed a being good for over five hours of talk time 14 days in standby .
*Voice Enhancer Technology- I have n't got a clue how this works but it does .
As long as you do n't turn the handset volume up to max , it has an overall pleasing effect .
Voices do sound more natural than on Panasonic 's older 2.4 GHz units this technology .
Still , it 's kind of gimmicky you have to wonder why a company like Panasonic need to "enhance " the clarity of the call when last year 's models were to be so great ( According to their own packaging last year ) .
Backlit 3-line LCD - Frankly , I liked the display on the old phone slightly better .
When this phone rings , you have name number caller ID service , it displays only the name first .
This a convenience but it does n't help much when your caller ID service lists all cellular calls as " Cellular call" .
Of course , it eventually alternates shows you the actual number but it takes a few seconds , valuable time when you 're trying to decide to answer a call .
The old phone , I remember correctly , displayed both the name the number in the same frame .
That 's about the only gripe I have with the LCD.
Otherwise , the text is clear legible as I mentioned , contrast is excellent ( also adjustable you do n't like the default setting ) .
This phone also has a 30 number memory for the caller ID the ability to store 50 names numbers ( Far more than I 'll ever need ) .
Ultra charge - It 's nice to see that cordless manufacturers are finally taking notice of people 's desperate pleas to shorten the length of time it takes to recharge the battery packs in their phones .
On top of the incredible 14 day standby time for this battery pack , it will take a full charge in six hours .
This is a vast improvement but I guess these manufacturers us to forget that we 're living in a world where you charge your cell battery pack in three hours keep a spare charged up ready to go .
It 's also the same world in which I fully charge two AA Ni-MH cells for my digital camera in about an hour .
How does this phone sound ?
Well , I do n't require audiophile sound from my telephones .
I hear understand what the person on the other end is saying they hear understand me , I 'm satisfied .
Naturally , I 'm a big fan of static .
So far all of the calls I 've made on this phone have been clear relatively static free .
It makes me wonder when I hear persistent complaints about static "horrible audio quality " with very similar phones in Panasonic 's lineup .
It 's really bad though does n't really affect my overall impression rating of the phone .
The only time when I noticed a really procounced form of this echo was when someone else in my house was on the other line at the same time .
The Speakerphone - Panasonic to be one of the few manufacturers that builds speakerphones into their handsets sells them for a reasonable price .
The sound comes out of the speaker on the rear of the handset loud clear .
Yes , I so .
I have n't encountered any of the problems that I had with the old phone in this unit .
So far , both talk standby times have been great !
Do I recommend this phone ?
you demand absolute perfection in a cordless unit , you 're almost certainly going to be spending far more than the $ 49.95 that I paid for this .
This unit is n't perfect has some limitations .
That 's all the range I need .
you need more range , judging from some of the other reviews I 've read about Panasonic 's Gigarange line , you want to look elsewhere .
I have n't listed them all , as this review is already running long .
5.8 Ghz great !
NiCad ?
Hmm... ? In this day age with cell phones , cameras everything else using NiMH better for at least 5+ years now , using the environmentally unfriendly , memory laden , short life NiCad battery like a choice of the ignorant .
My guess is that Panasonic 's choice to use a NiCad battery on a phone that has all the bells whistles is a money making choice .
On the other hand it was a good enough reason for me to let go of this phone on the store shelf .
Panasonic is a good brand this model is well designed but it is stuck in the DARK AGES when it comes to the battery used .
As for technology ... where 's the Bluetooth wireless headphone and data sync , color screen , video games , face plates everything else the average cell phone has these days ?
When it comes to the bigger picture , even the bells whistles on this phone are nothing to get excited about .
With the help of Consumer Reports Epinions.com
reviewers we went out bought this phone .
We had already gone through 2 cordless phones .
One we loved most things about , but the handset was uncomfortable and tiny as well as the sound quality being very poor .
SOOO we were looking for THE BEST this time .
We we found what we were looking for in this phone .
The sound is GREAT on both sets and all the features make it very convenient !
Pros : Easy to find Talk button .
I have tried this model of cordless phone by Uniden have brought it back twice to the store because the sound does work on one of the phones .
The volume cuts out when you are talking to someone then you have to hit it to get it to come back on , which did n't always work .
Pros : Range/Reception ; Expansion Capability ; Ability to talk on more than 1 handset at a time
Cons : Deleting Caller ID on each handset , Message Light quits flashing you 've listened to messages
Purchased this product this past year after months of research ( my wife I was nuts - but now she is glad I did - see below ) .
The Internet was the most helpful convenient way to do this .
We wanted a system that had a corded handset w/digital answering machine for our kitchen the capability to have at least two other handsets ( 1 for upstairs 1 for downstairs ) .
We decided to purchase the "kx-tga 273s " additional handset ( bedroom phone/alarm clock/radio ) .
Cleaned up our nightstand tremendously - thank god .
I go into all the numerous features this system offers - but that take forever .
I 'm kind of disappointed this expensive phone system .
I used to have a Siemen 's phone system , but the sound started to degrade after a few years , so I switched to this more expensive Panasonic system .
The phone has a nice feeling to it .
This feature was from the Siemens phone .
The volume control is easy to use when talking , but I wish it went a bit louder .
Sometime it 's just enough volume .
Now for the down side .
The directory is connected to the caller-id like on my cell phone , my Siemens phones .
What I mean by this is a name exists in my directory with a phone number , I want that directory name to display of the default caller-ID name .
That does n't do me any good at all .
Transfering is difficult on this phone .
You ca n't just yell across the house " Pick up the phone " .
I do n't like the fact that each phone acts like it 's a stand alone phone .
The system does act like a system .
You ca n't share directories .
This is a big minus , because you have to type in the directory for each phone .
I have about 75 numbers , names for a system of 4 phones .
You ca n't clear the " Received Calls " label for the system .
There is mute button on the base , any of the handsets .
The speakerphone does work well though .
We had central air installed in our house , it that the blower is interfering with the sound quality of any handset that gets within 10 feet of it .
Upside again :
I do use the general mailbox .
You have multiple mailboxes , but I just use the general box .
the phone uses NiMH batteries , that 's good .
Pros : looks nice
I have had this phone for about a month now .
So far it has been a great quality piece of equipment .
First the phone sounds great .
It is crisp clear , even at long distances .
It has speakerphone both on the handset the base station which is clear for both myself the people I talk to .
It uses more battery power , but helps to keep your signal strong when far away .
The main reason I avoided 2.4 GHZ phones for so long was the interference with my Wi-Fi network .
There have been numerous stories where people have invested a couple hundred in a nice phone then have to return it throw it away because it shuts down their Wi-Fi .
I got this phone from my parents as a gift tried it out right next to my wireless Powerbook .
I was able to talk on the phone surf the net with problems .
The powerbook still maintained full signal .
This phone also sports a lot of features , maybe too many for some .
I am a gadget geek so I am enjoying it .
My favorite feature is the 3 mailboxes ( so my roommate I have separate boxes ) .
You also transfer a caller to voicemail of taking a message for the other person !
more pads of paper next to the phone .
The major con to this phone is the total dependency on the handset .
There is intuitive LCD on the base station , just a number readout for the messages received .
You have to have the handset to do all programming adjustments to the phones features .
it isnt charged , your out of luck .
The address book is also hard to get to , you have to click the down arrow , then side arrow , then scroll through the names .
It be a single button click to get to the address book .
I they come out with a 2-line version , but that be a different review .
I had my doubts about getting this phone .
You 'll find several reviews from other consumers .
Most of them complain about poor range clarity .
I 'm glad to say that I have n't experienced of these issues .
In fact , the phone is so clear that people on the other end of the line do n't know I 'm using a cordless phone .
As far as range goes , I live in a decent size house on a 1/4 acre lot .
So long as I make it to the mailbox yard while on the phone , I 'm happy .
Yes , I 've gone further .
No, I have n't test the limits .
Anyway , this phone 's base handset transmit on the 5.8 ghz band , unlike other 5.8 phones with handsets that return a 2.4 ghz signal .
I 'm on a wireless network use VPN secured access when working .
Damn telemarketers !
This phone has all of the features you 'd from a high end phone .
Then there 's the ability to transfer calls .
problem .
Just hit the transfer button the 2nd unit rings until she picks it up .
As far as simplicity goes , the menu/button structure is n't terribly difficult to figure out .
Final note : These are expensive phones .
I bought this because my old Panasonic KX-TCM526BXB which was about 4 years old bit the dust .
I started buying cordless phones starting with the cheapest( then returning them upgrading ) to this one which is the most expensive has a range of more than 30 yards .
Also , it be clearer but it is n't as I found a lot of interference , especially you move more than 5 yards away from the base .
The only thing good about the product is it looks pretty
Also wanted Caller ID but did need digital answering feature since we have SBC Voice mail .
This was a second choice which I selected after buying returning Vtech 5831 ( see separate review ) .
The phone has a nice amber backlit LCD.
as many pixels as the Vtech model but quite readable .
The package comes with 2 handsets -- 2 chargers -- a real plus .
All the other packages provide one handset want to sell you additional handsets .
C 'mon , unless you live in a mansion , how many handsets do you really need ?
The only thing that I do n't like about this product is that each handset is an island unto itself ; there is way to synchronize the address books between handsets .
So you have to create each address book separately .
Still , my wife I beam address book data between our PDA 's , so this is exactly a cutting edge technology .
Until that day comes , this is still a very good buy .
The phone works , sounds great , is true 5.8 ghz , is easy to program , you get 2 handsets in the box .
Highly recommended .
I have been using this telephone for 4 months in a home office the quality is unacceptable .
First , battery life has become increasingly short , despite the fact that I have always followed the instructions to let the phone discharge entirely before putting it back in the recharging cradle .
When I first got the phone , I had to recharge it about every 5-7 days .
While great , this is in keeping with the table in the manual which says that battery life in use ( talking ) be 4.5 hours in standby be 11 days .
Now , I find that I recharge the phone every 36-48 hours it goes from fully charged ( by the battery indicator on the phone ) to unusable very quickly .
Twice in recent days I have lost connection during a call because the phone died .
It used to be that I have several minutes when it began a warning beep to finish the call change phones .
I am also unhappy with how the three mailboxes work .
Messages are put in box 1 by default , you set a code for boxes 2 3.
For example , I want my business messages to go to box 1 home messages to go to box 2. So , when the machine picks up on my home line , my message says to press # 2 to leave a message .
Unfortunately , the machine does n't always respond promptly so that sometimes people end up pressing # 2 repeatedly getting into the second mailbox , they press # 2 but the message goes to mailbox 1 .
I bought it at Staples , which accepts returns for only 30 days .
Bought this phone 2 weeks ago so far I am very pleased .
I am a professional in the business telecommunications field specializing in Key PBX system design .
This makes for a creative solution in that any analog phone be deployed through an available analog port on a business phones system .
The KXTG5110 becomes an extension in itself but now you get the ability to conference multiple Panasonic handsets behind the key system while on an intercom an outside line .
This be very cost effective as it economizes on analog ports on the phone system .
The Panasonic headset work seamlessly provides an inline volume mute control .
Mailboxes are able to each have their own greeting you set the time limit for incoming messages but only on a global basis .
1,2,or 3 minutes .
I have mine set at 2 minutes.Audio quality is excellent range fair depends on your environment .
We needed more cordless handsets , add caller ID to our phone functionality .
We are extremely happy with the sound clarity , reception , functionality , expandability , value of this system .
We already own another 2.4GHz Panasonic cordless phone we love it so we decided to stick with Panasonic the 2.4GHz line :
While at Fry 's ( to my surprise ) , a sales associate actually helped us .
I told her what I was looking at ( I was already holding a single Panasonic 2.4GHz unit ) when she ( to her credit ) showed us this model ; which is the same technology , but has 2 handsets with one single basestation .
That means that there is only one unit to plug to the phone jack , which both the handsets utilize .
This allows you to put the other unit 's minibase anywhere in the house near a power outlet ( much more common than a phone jack ) .
Each unit intercom to each other , all have caller ID using the crystal clear clarity of Panasonic 's 2.4GHz .
PHYSICAL FEATURES
The base station is reasonably small has a telephone jack wall-wort AC adaptor for power .
It is approximately 2 handsets in size it allows you to place one handset (either one ) face down face up ( latter allows you to see caller ID picking it up first ) .
There are 3 intercom buttons which allow you to locate intercom to any of the handset units .
A single antenna is used to transmit/receive with the handsets .
A rigid 3 inch antenna sticks out at the top for the most part does n't manage to get in the way .
The buttons are reasonably laid out , but they are a little small for aging eyes ( over 60 ) to see .
The OFF CALL buttons , the most commonly pressed buttons ( END SEND on your cell phone ) are curiously smaller than the number pad , which makes it a short hunt for people unfamiliar with the unit to find ... ie guests .
The screen is green back lit LCD display which is easy to read .
I was a little concerned that the basestation only has 1 antenna , compared to our older Panasonic 2.4GHz unit which has 2 antenna for diversity ( more immune to "pockets " of bad reception ) .
However , in practice I have found that these units have extremely good reception have yet to experience the pockets of bad reception anywhere in the house garage .
The range easily covers our entire home property .
I also mention that in addition to our other 2.4GHz phone , we also have a 802.11b wireless network in our house ( which also uses the 2.4GHz spectrum ) .
We have experienced any interference on the phone by the other devices , we have n't noticed interference with our network .
CALLER ID OPERATION
The phones are easy to use bring a more "cell phone like " functionality to the home phone .
As calls come in , the phone performs caller ID.
It takes till the 2nd ring to figure out the number , but I this is typical .
you have previously saved the number labelled it , then that text label will also show up with the number .
All the standard functions like redial , flash , constant button tones are all there .
As mentioned above , there is a phone number directory which allows you to enter save caller ID numbers with labels ( ie " Grandma" ) to a phone directory .
Manipulating the menu be a little confusing counter intuitive ; this part stand for improvement .
However , the most annoying thing is that each hand set maintains it 's own directory , which means you have to enter each entry twice ; once for each phone , for both phones to have it .
There is directory synchronization feature .
Panasonic really consider adding this functionality .
It 's convenient to spontaneously add the caller ID received phone call to both directories .
An extra speaker on the back of the phone serves as the loud speaker .
Battery is a rechargeable NiCd which easily last several days .
SUMMARY
Combine the clarity of 2.4GHz , the ease of a single basestation remote charging station , caller ID , speaker phone , good battery life , quality construction ; these phones are easily the most used phones in our home .
Set at a very reasonable price point ( for quality ) , I recommend this set to any body hesitation .
I bought this phone in June reserved judgment until I used it for a while .
My choices were limited due to the features I wanted .
I tease her about being a Luddite but she has small hands the large cordless handsets are uncomfortable .
I was forced to apologize to her during the blackout in August because it was the only phone in the house that worked .
This phone did n't let me down .
That was fixed at the router end though .
Pros : Great phone while it worked !
Cons : last more than three year .
Have had same problem with other Panasonic phones also .
recommend for durability an longevity .
I have had the same problem with other Panasonic phone systems before .
Well , I went for the panasonic name coz I understand they make ( was it made ? )
good phones .
After i returned my KXTG1871 since it started acting funny , i bought this one .
Well , went on fine for a few months .
Now it has started acting funny .
From the beginning , there is low battery indicator when you talk . the phone just disconnects ! ! hey , even a 10 buck phone has the decency to beep before cutting your conversation !
The advantages were the NiMH battery since NiCd is a pain after it dies out pretty soon .
I bought this coz it had two handsets , a speaker phone , caller id , a phone book in each handset , an answering machine .
That reminds me , the answering machine be accessed remotely but you delete the messages unless you are at the machine ! ! hey , i go on vacation , my voice box is full even i check messages , most of them were from crappy sales people selling timeshares , i delete them out on any important messages that someone want to leave !
yeah , come back to the damn base unit .
Recently i 've noticed that the sound is very choppy .
I had a SONY some years back that was the basic cordless phone/answering machine unit you get . it had such good features that for the caller id , it had many things that this "advanced " device does n't have .
I am seriously thinking Panasonic are serious about their phones any longer since this was my third Panasonic in two years .
UPDATE :
Since you are reading this review , I figure you want all the goodies that this phone .
I look for these too in addition ?
:
This one shows the CID after 2-3 rings
2. Talk time .
This one is unpredictable .
I charged it over night yesterday in the morning it went **** though the battery indicator shows full .
3. 3-way calling using the Phone book .
well , you are out of luck with this one coz the phone book is accessible .
even my junk nokia cellphone is good .
4 . you move from one area code to another , do you have to edit all phone entries that were local in the former area code does it automatically add the area code to those numbers ?
Smart , eh ?
5 . I 'd love to have a phone that uses the AA size NiMH since you charge them separately the battery is to die out , put the call on hold at the base change the batteries your conversation .
6 . love to have a base battery backup of hooking my phone to my pc 's UPS in case we have power blackouts like the last one ( god forbid ! ! )
8. I 'd prefer i program my base unit to forward calls when i want it to , to some number i specify (either in person from remote location .
I do that in my SONY ) of paying the phone company every month for a feature i use once twice a year .
9 . I 'd like a "backlight " button of having to press any button to see how long i am talking walk upto some light source i am outside under the nice starry sky talking to someone interesting pretty boring .
10 .
Pros : Great unless you 're more than 10 feet away .
These phones were purchased to replace a similar Vtech set there is comparison between the 2 systems .
The Uniden phone system all the same features I was looking for , but in comparison , the Uniden phones were n't at ALL intuitive , I was constantly referring to the manual the reception was just simply horrible .
As the headline states , I just unloaded my Unidens on E-Bay for about half of what I paid replaced them with another , comparible Vtech set .
By the way , you are in the market for cordless units , you ca n't go wrong with the Vtech units .
I post a review touting my appreciation of my new Vtech units , but at this time they are n't listed on epinions.com .
After just one year , displays in both handsets died .
For the price , I decent quality .
Do n't leave the phone off the handset charger for any length of time either--they go dead within one day .
Very bad performance ! !
I have been looking for a good business phone that has enough features with good sound quality .
This model is an excellent home-office tool .
I have a second line wired to my office only so expanding it elsewhere in the house wo n't be necessary .
I add a cordless unit for downstairs in case I 'm there when I have small meetings in my living room .
Then I 'll treat it as an extension line .
But the fact that I have the ability to walk in around the house with the 2.4GHz phone miss a call is great .
The unit is rich with features is easy to setup with the LDC screen .
The digitized voice is pleasant to hear , an upgrade from Panasonic 's previous answering machines with robot-sounding prompts .
I do n't use the answering system for the business line , however .
I subscribe to PacBell 's message center so that in case I am on the phone , the line still take a message .
Otherwise it ring ring with call waiting .
I also like the slanted look of the phone .
There 's the psychological effect of using the base unit with the attached headset- sort of a power trip ...
But Panasonic overlooked a big feature : The Mute Button .
On conference calls I have to remain pretty quiet , use the conferecing system 's own mute feature .
This is one of the biggest flaws I see on the unit .
I 've virtually owned almost every other cordless unit out there .
This one is a keeper .
I have a home office three kids ( 11 , 13 15 years old ) this phone system is awesome !
We 've been using it for about 9 months now .
I also have my business line set for a different sound when it rings .
The kids pick up my business line while I am on it .
We all communicate with eachother throughout the house with the phones , which is great when the kids are sick .
It only took a couple of days to get used to which phone is in which room ( ie phone # 1 is in the office , phone # 2 is in the family room etc. )
It is so easy to transfer calls to eachother , we do it all the time .
It does n't have a mute button but it does have a hold button , which is even better .
When a call comes in you save the caller ID info directly into your phone .
You edit your Directory List info necessary .
The kids had trouble learning how to use it .
They each have their own friends ' numbers saved in their own phones I have mine .
The caller ID the Directory List are so easy to use .
The battery lasts for days , for those times when we forget to put them back in the charger at night .
I purchased a headset we have all used it at different times are very happy with it .
I was n't sure this phone system work the way that I had hoped , it was expensive , but I took a chance it does everything ( more ) that I had hoped !
The fidelity is very good .
This was a concern (kinda picky ) .
The expansion capacity is also a plus .
Attractive base unit with large display , easy to use .
Intuitive ... , well made .
Sorry the above review sounds a little ... guarded .
I 've purchased several of these devices with a lot of disappointment .
But this one is really great !
The base unit is corded the handset sounds like a corded phone .
There are mailboxes ( 3 ) a lots of utility regarding privacy , conference , transferring , caller id , call waiting , paging , even radio contact between several handsets .
For those with really young kids , there is a "baby monitor " mode !
In short , this is a nicely designed phone system with a lot of expansion , sounds great is priced well .
After researching , this system jumped out .
The handset inevitably ran out of power at the wrong times I was a phone .
Panasonic smartly provides a base unit remote , each with a dialing pad .
It is an attractive , high quality device I recommend highly .
There are too many features to list including speakerphone ( also from remote)conferencing , ring tones , etc .
Their products are well designed well built .
First problem : Sound quality .
Memory chips are inexpensive , but Panasonic saved money by putting a small memory chip in this system .
Compression technology is utilized to fit 15 minutes of recorded messages onto the chip , you tell -- sound quality is AWFUL.
( So much for technological advance . )
Second problem : The power pack consists of three cheap NiCd AA batteries encased in plastic .
Even worse , they 're very low capacity NiCds -- just 850 mAh .
( NiCd is the old technology for rechargeable batteries .
Cadmium is a nasty environmental toxin .
NiCd batteries drain quickly , even when in use , they have a "memory effect " : you do n't drain the power completely before a recharge , they 'll only charge up to the current level on the next charge . )
The phone handset only works a few hours before recharging is needed , storing it on the charger base will significantly reduce the life of the batteries .
Panasonic had opted for the current technology of 2200-mAh NmH ( nickel metal hydride ) batteries , the 4-hr usage time have been boosted to 10 hrs more , with memory effect .
Third problem : You have to endure a goofy voice that tells you things that be more efficiently conveyed through visual indicators .
I an electronic voice is Panasonic 's way of adding a " Gee-wow " factor , but it 's another example of how new technology makes our lives less efficient .
Older answering machines have an LCD display that tells you how many new messages you have .
This machine has just a tiny red light , so you call-screen a message do n't erase it , you have other messages have been added (unless you start pushing buttons ) .
You have to waste time pressing buttons listening to the voice every time .
Also , you have to press extra buttons like Mailbox 1 every time , even though you use other message "mailboxes " (used for password-protected messages that be storage for other users of the system ) .
More gripes : The antennas on the base unit are five inches high .
They get in the way .
Also , you ca n't hear your own voice in the handset , as you with other phones .
It takes a while to get used to that .
On the plus side , the range of a 5.8 GHz phone is fairly good ( although quality does degrade with distance ) .
I still worry about zapping my brain with high-energy radio signals , but going cordless is nice .
Wish list : In addition to fixing the above-mentioned gripes , it be great there were a way to speed through boring messages .
I 've had the 2431 for 3 years .
I have gotten 3 hours use from it .
It works fine for the first 5 10 minutes that 's when the volume fades .
Then it returns then it fades again does n't stop .
Calling was the fastest way to get the run-around that I 've ever seen .
I packaged mailed it back after many weeks was sent a brand new replacement .
Same problem .
I eliminated all environmental possibilities such as disconnecting other phones , computer , VCR , etc .
The problem still existed .
I 've learned a $ 130 lesson
Pros
5.8Ghz , ringtones , lightweight
Cuts out , battery does n't to be completely efficient
The Bottom Line
I be wary of this product unless you know someone who has one that has performed well .
So I was looking for phones some time before Thanksgiving last year settled on trying to find Uniden phones .
Mostly because they had what I was looking for they were fairly stylish cheap .
Let it be known , that I purchased this product off of eBay that it was a new , refurbished model .
I charged the phones up for the time before we started using them .
Then I transfered the phone list from our old phones to the new phones ( manually of course ) .
We were pretty happy with the phones at first , just the initial excitement of having something new different .
However , it as though the batteries were holding charge very well .
Then we also started noticing that the phone cut out .
You still talk the person on the other end hear you but you hear them .
It is a good thing we kept our old 2.4Ghz phones because that is what we are currently using .
These two problems have caused me to get rid of the Uniden phones .
However , the inability to use the phone knowing it was going to cutout caused all the pros of this product to diminish .
But even so , what does that say about the service warranty work about Uniden products ?
So , when I purchase more phones I will most be going with Uniden .
I have had good experience with Panasonic while they are expensive I like something that works is reliable .
Here are some of the details regarding these Uniden phones :
- 5.8 Ghz DSS technology
- Up to 2 cordless handsets on same "network "
- 10 speed dial numbers
- up to 100 phonebook numbers able to be stored
- battery is to last up to 192 hours standby 4 hours of talk time
- has a 1 year warranty refurbished items only have 90 days
- i there are 10 different ringtones/rings you choose from ... a few classical type song ringtones , we wish you a merry christmas , etc
There you have it , now you have all the information regarding this phone .
I have had any other contact with Uniden products this admittedly leaves a bad taste in my mouth .
With the 230 , you get a built in , easy to use , VERY CLEAR speakerphone , all part of the light weight handset that has an add-on belt attachment for easily keeping your phone with you .
A simple push of a button returns you to handset use .
The built in display is clear easy to read .
There 's a contrast adjustment to allow for lighter darker letters digits .
Among the features are multiple ring tones , again very handy you have multiple units want to identify one of them for the kids .
The ringer loudness control permits turning the ringer off .
When purchased as part of a system , you 've got a home intercom .
Any unit page any other , there are kits that include a console unit that contains a charger a multifaceted digital answering machine .
Up to three phones the console be part of the intercom system , thereby giving you four units .
The digital answerer has built in answer greetings you record your own , it it 's necessary to dissuade solicitors at mealtimes , the recorder deliver its greeting hang up .
Caller-id call waiting caller-id work with all phones .
Durable ?
I accidentally dropped a phone about three feet to a concrete floor ; damage , the battery door opened the battery fell out , damage to the case whatever .
Additional features include battery life indicator a charging system that will allow overcharging the battery .
There are many good 2.4 Ghz phones .
Our family has always been happy with Panasonic products , looks like our new phones are exception ...
I had one for 3 months , I just threw it away .
Later on , the phone shorted out the only way it work reliably is in speaker phone mode .
Also , the fancy painted plastic quickly started looking really bad , as the silver paint scratched easily (especially around the ear area ) left ugly black marks on the phone .
Suddenly , the phone looks really really cheap .
Battery life was about 2 hours of talk time , which is ok but you do better with 2.4ghz 900mhz phones .
I 'm back to an older generation 900mhz phone now , the voice quality is much better .
I was looking for a full-featured , multi-handset phone system for my house .
I tried the 2.4GHz 5.8GHz Vtecs , while they had the best features , looks , form factor , they had poor quality sound .
When I buy a phone , I do n't want hiss .
The Panasonics are as clean as a wire-connected phone .
The range is excellent .
You have up to 8 handsets with this unit .
The answering machine be controlled from the handsets .
I wish the base unit had more buttons for controlling the answering machine , but since I mostly check from the handsets , this is much of an issue .
I do wish the answering machine had more memory - it fills up a lot faster than my old answering machine .
The base unit does an audio indicator when you have new messages .
My old panasonic answering machine had this , I miss it .
As far as looks form-factor : It 's a silver/blue space age look , which is a little over-the-top for my tastes .
I wish they had a basic black white .
I also wish the size of the phone were more along the lines of a cell phone .
The hands-free speakerphone for the handsets is great .
I use it a lot more than I .
This phone has a lot of features , which you look up at the panasonic web site .
I highly recommend this phone .
Cons : Everything else ...particularly the battery life ! ! ! ! !
I have had this phone for less than 4 months the batteries do n't even last one phone call .
I will charge the phone overnight all day .
When I get home from school I only make one to two phone calls before the handset needs recharging .
I wish that I return it ! ! ! ! ! ! !
We bought this phone to replace a cordless phone we had for about 9 years .
The phone we replaced was very cheap but worked perfectly for us until I dropped it into a bucket of water .
We looked around quite a bit at all the choices now available .
We like Panasonic products so decided to give this phone a try .
I wish you try the phone out at the store because we have bought it .
While talking , the phone was very echoey ...people sounded like they were a million miles away .
Thinking it be our phone line , we took it to a friend 's house the same thing happened .
We returned it got another one ( same phone ) just to give it another try .
Same problem .
I finally got the courage to try a Vtech after reading about how they to be putting out pretty good phone products .
The reason I purchased this model is because I bought a studio that only has one phone jack in a so convenient location .
So I was thinking just put the base near the phone jack put handsets around wherever I wanted .
The first phone I bought worked a whole day ...
I exchanged it for another one .
So that was it ...
I returned it did buy another .
I I will stick with Panasonic !
Some of the things I liked about the Vtech :
1 . the speakerphone in the handset actually worked really well
3. cool design
4 . 5.8 Ghz wo n't interfere with my wireless network
Things I did n't like :
programmable voicemail button to press call your voicemail to check messages .
2. visible blinking light to notify new calls in the caller ID log .
Light only blinks when you have messages .
3. the handset says you have 3 new calls you check them with the handset , the base still says you have 3 new calls .